
This summary aims to give you an overview of the information contained in this document. As this is a summary, it does not contain all the information that may beimportant to you. We urge you to read the entire document carefully before making
Since our inception in 2018, we have built fully-integrated, end-to-end, in-house R&D capabilities encompassing all the key biological drug development functionalities. We aim to develop innovative therapies that overcomed
Our featured products, immunocytokines, are designed through our proprietary and internally developed Armed ImmunoCytokine Platform. Such design is expected to overcome drawbacks of conventional cytokine-based drugs, such as shorthalf-
Our core immunocytokine products IAP0971 andIAE0972 were well tolerated. IAH0968 is an antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (“ ADCC ”) enhanced mAb
In addition to our Core Products mentioned above, we are developing six other product candidates: clinical stage products IBB0979, IBC0966 and IBD0333, and preclinical stageproducts IAN0982, ISH
IAN0982 is being developed for oncology, whileISH0988 and ISH0613 are immunosuppressors focused on autoimmune diseases. IAP0971, IAE0972, IBB0979,
biological products into various dosage forms according to different needs in both clinical and commercial stages. Our drug substance production facility is equipped with four production lines for a total bioreactor capacity of 1,600L. We are led by a
Our management team has an average of more than15 years of industry experience in biologics development and business management. Our core business model involves internally discovering, developing and commercializing immunocytokines and other immunotherapies.
Our pipeline includes three Core Products: two immunocytokines and one ADCC enhanced mAb. The following chart summarizes the development status of our Core Products and other selected product candidates as of the Latest Practicable Date.
We acquired exclusive rights from ImmuneOnco Biopharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Inc. to develop, manufacture and commercialize IBC0966 in Greater China including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.
IAP0971 is an internally developed, potential first-in-class, anti-programmed death -1 (“ PD-1 ”) antibody-IL-15/il-15R /H9251heter
IAP0971 is designed to adopt the structure of an intact bivalent anti-PD-1 antibody in combination with a monovalentIL-15. The combination can deliver targeted and controlled amount of IL-15 directly into the
The IL-15/IL-15R /H9251complex adopted in IAP0971 is reported to be more active than IL- 15 alone in stimulating proliferation and survival of memory phenotype CD8+ T cells. IAP
IAP0971 is one of the most clinically advanced immunocytokines in the world. There is no IL-15-based immunotherapy indicated for the treatment of cancer approved for marketing worldwide. In July 2023, we
We plan to initiate a Phase II clinical trial for IAP0971 in China in the fourth quarter of 2023. In January 2022 and December 2021, we obtained IND clearance from both the NMPA and the FDA for conducting Phase I
IAE0972 is an internally developed, potential first-in-class, anti-EGFR antibody-IL-10 homodimer bifunctional fusion protein. It is designed to blockade the EGFR signaling pathway and specifically
The anti-EGFR antibody fragment canspecifically enrich IL-10 in the TME. IAE0972 can effectively and specifically activate theimmune system by reinvigorating antigen specific CD8+ T cells and facilitating itspro
IAE0972 was well tolerated up to 6 mg/kg in cynomolgus monkeys, which is 300 times the safe dosage of IL-10 cytokine therapy. No obvious EGFR-related skin toxicity, no significant
Currently, there are no approved IL-10 based immunotherapies indicated for the treatment of cancer according to Frost & Sullivan. In China,three IL- 10 based immunotherapy are currently under clinical development with two of them, i
IAE0972(EGFR/IL-10 antibody-cytokine fusion protein) — Clinical Development Plan. Core Product IAH0968 – Potential Best-in-Class, ADCC Enhanced Anti-HER2 m
We addressed this technical difficulty through constructing a new cell line with mutated FUT8 gene, which encodes an enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of fucose residue from itsdonor to its target. After genetic manipulation, the new
In cynomolgus monkeys, IAH0968 showed an excellent safety profile, with no observedadverse effect at a dosage over 100mg/kg. According to Frost & Sullivan, there are three anti-HER2 m
IAH0968 is a potential first-in-class, anti-B7H3 antibody-IL-10 homodimer bifunctional fusion protein for immunecell activation. It is designed to bind to B7H
There are currently no approved B7H3-targeted immunotherapies indicated for the treatment of cancer. IBB0979 has the potential to become a next-generation therapy for resolving T cell exhaustionin cancer patients.
We are developing a number of clinical stage and IND-enabling product candidates that we believe have high commercialviability. As of the Latest Practicable Date, except for IBC0966, we maintained the globalrights to develop and
As of the Latest Practicable Date,IBC0966 was under Phase I/II clinical trials as a monotherapy for solid tumors. We acquired exclusive rights from ImmuneOncoBiopharmaceuticals (Shanghai)
IAN0982 is an internally developed innovative multi-specific innate effector activator based on our AIM TMplatform. We are developing Ian0982 as a monotherapy or in combination with other therapeutics including chemotherapy,im
AICTM platform is a powerful research engine that includes not only intact immunoglobulin G (“ IgG”) antibodies and cytokines. It is able to generate products ranging from immunocytokines to other
Core competencies of our AIC TM platform include MoA-based antibody-cytokine selection, biology-oriented structural design and protein engineering, and production throughcustomized cell lines. Selection of anti-PD1 antibody and
IAP0971 is the first of this structure to enter into clinical trial, according to Frost & Sullivan. IL-15/IL-15R /H9251 leads to more efficient dimerization and eliminates the formation of IL
AEATM platform is a genetically manipulated Chinese hamster ovary cell line with the FUT8 gene knocked-out from its genome. Through this genome modification, the CHO cellline will not be able to catalyze the transfer of
EA TM platform and POTELLIGENT from Kyowa Kirin are the only two platforms that can achieve 100% fucoseremoval rate, according to Frost & Sullivan. IAH0968, the potential first complete fuc
The company has an internally developed pipeline of immunocytokines with first-in-class potentials. Its preclinical product IAN0982 wasdeveloped based on the AIM TM platform.
Our mission is to bring perceivable benefits and affordablemedicine to patients both in China and globally. We believe the diversification and expansion of our product pipeline through bothin-house research and development and through external collaboration are critical to
Our platform spans from the earlyphase of identifying demand, developing core technologies, managing clinical trials, to themanufacturing of products. We believe that our integrated capabilities give us the agility toformulate our innovation, registration, commercialization
In October 2019, we entered into a collaboration agreement (the “ IBC0966 Agreement ”) with ImmuneOnco Biopharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Inc. with respect to the technology transfer, development
ImmuneOnco. alsogranted us a single-digit percentage of interest in the overseas rights of IBC0966. In exchange, we are obligated to pay RMB20.0 million assignment fee by installments.
As of the Latest Practicable Date, we owned four issued patents and 102 patent applications. We have established our own global GMP-compliant manufacturing facilities. We currently have four active drug substance production lines up to a totalcapacity of
We have completed the installationof a production line for 5,000L bioreactor capacity, which is currently under qualification. Our drug product facility includes onecommercial-scale liquid injection filing production line and one commercial scale lyophlized
Mr. Zhang is able to exercise approximately 85.11% voting rights in our Company through Sunho Fortune, Innovalue Investments, Sunho Wisdom,No5XJR and Sunho Stellar. Immediately upon completion of the Share Sub
EfungCapital is our sophisticated investor under Guidance Letter HKEX-GL92-18 issued by theStock Exchange. Efung Capital, through its affiliates, will hold approximately [ REDACTED ]% of the total issued Shares
Loss before tax (70,632) (51,988) (2,776) (15,311) Income tax expense –––– Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year/period (70,.632
The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated. Our Directors are of the opinion that, taking into account the financial resources available to our Group, including cash and cash equivalents, the Pre-[ REDACTED ] Investments and the
Cash burn rate refers to the average monthly amount of net cash used in operating activities, capital expenditures, and other scheduled cash payment. Assuming an average cashburn rate going forward of [ REDACTED ] the level in 2022, taking into account
There are certain risks involved in our operations, many of which are beyond our control. Some of the major risks we face include: Our business and financial prospects depend substantially on the success of our clinical stage and preclinical stage drug candidates.
We have limited experience in manufacturing therapeutic biologic products on a large commercial scale. If we are unable to build and manage sales network, or maintain sufficient sales and marketing capabilities, we may not beable to successfully create or increase market awareness
There has been no prior [ REDACTED ] market for our Shares and there can be no assurance that an active market would develop, especially taking into account thatcertain of our existing shareholders may be subject to a lock-up period. The
All statistics in this table are on the assumption that the [ REDACTED ] is not exercised. No dividend has been declared or paid by entities comprising our Group. We currently expect to retain all future earnings for use in operation and expansion of
Under the laws of the Cayman Islands, a company may pay a dividend out ofits profits or the credit standing to its share premium account. Shareholders in a general meeting may approve anydeclaration of dividends, which must not exceed
The Company will use the proceeds from the sale of its shares to fund research and development of its clinical pipeline product candidates. The Company plans to use the majority of the proceeds of the sale to fund the development of our other clinical pipeline
During the Track Record Period, the [ REDACTED ] charged to our consolidated statements of profit or loss were RMB[ REDACTED] (HK$[REDACTED ) and the [REDACTED ] costs, which was recognized as
We completed the Pre-[ REDACTED ] Investments and raised RMB210 million. we dosed the first patient of the Phase II/III clinical trial to evaluate the combination of IAH0968 with CapeOX as first-line therapy
On February 17, 2023, the CSRC published the new regulations for the filing-based administration for overseas securities offerings and listings by domestic companies. The newly released set of regulations consists of OverseasListing Trial Measures and relevant guidelines