THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

       An [REDACTED] in our Shares involves significant risks. You should carefully
  consider all of the information in this document, including the risks and uncertainties
  described below, as well as our financial statements and the related notes, and the
  "Financial Information" section, before deciding to [REDACTED] in our Shares. The
  following is a description of what we consider to be our material risks. Any of the
  following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
  results of operations and growth prospects. In any such an event, the market price of our
  Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your [REDACTED].

       These factors are contingencies that may or may not occur, and we are not in a
  position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. The
  information given is as of the Latest Practicable Date unless otherwise stated, will not
  be updated after the date hereof, and is subject to the cautionary statements in the section
  headed "Forward-Looking Statements" in this document.

     We believe there are certain risks and uncertainties involved in our operations, some of
which are beyond our control. We have categorized these risks and uncertainties into: (i) risks
relating to the research and development of our drug candidates; (ii) risks relating to
manufacturing of our drug candidates; (iii) risks relating to commercialization of our drug
candidates; (iv) risks relating to our intellectual property rights; (v) risks relating to our
financial position and need for additional capital; (vi) risks relating to our operations; (vii)
risks relating to our reliance on third parties; (viii) risks relating to government regulations;
and (ix) risks relating to the [REDACTED].

     Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently not known to us or not expressed or
implied below or that we currently deem immaterial could also harm our business, financial
condition and operating results. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the
challenges we face, including those discussed in this section.

RISKS RELATING TO THE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF OUR DRUG
CANDIDATES

Our business and financial prospects depend substantially on the success of our clinical
stage and preclinical stage drug candidates. In particular, among our product candidates,
IAP0971, IAE0972 and IBB0979 are with first-in-class potential, and IAH0968 is with
best-in-class potential. However, if we are unable to successfully complete their clinical
development, obtain their regulatory approvals and achieve their commercialization, or if
we experience significant delays in doing any of the foregoing, our business will be
materially harmed.

     Our ability to generate revenue and become profitable is substantially dependent on our
ability to successfully complete the development of our drug candidates, obtain necessary
regulatory approvals, and manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates. We have
invested and will continue to invest substantial efforts and resources in our drug candidates.
The success of our drug candidates will depend on several factors, including but not limited to:

      favorable safety, immunogenicity and efficacy data from our clinical trials and other
         studies;

                                      - 60 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

      successful enrollment of patients in, and completion of, clinical trials, as well as
         completion of preclinical studies;

      sufficient resources to acquire or discover additional drug candidates and successful
         identification of potential drug candidates based on our research or business
         development methodology or search criteria and process;

      competition with other drug candidates and marketed drugs;

      obtaining sufficient supplies of any drug products or marketed drugs that are used
         in combination with our drug candidates, competitor drugs, or comparison drugs that
         may be necessary for use in clinical trials for evaluation of our drug candidates;

      the performance by CROs or other third parties we may retain to conduct clinical
         trials, of their duties to us in a manner that complies with our protocols and
         applicable laws and that protects the integrity of the resulting data;

      receipt of regulatory approvals from the National Medical Products Administration
         ("NMPA"), the Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") or other comparable
         regulatory authorities for our drug candidates;

      obtaining, maintaining and enforcing patent, trademark, trade secret and other
         intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity for our drug candidates;

      ensuring we do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the patents,
         trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights of third parties, and
         successfully defending against any claims by third parties that we have infringed,
         misappropriated or otherwise violated any intellectual property of any such third
         party;

      establishing sufficient commercial manufacturing capabilities;

      successfully launching commercial sales of our drug candidates, if and when
         approved;

      obtaining and maintaining favorable governmental and/or private reimbursement
         from third-party payers for our drugs, if and when approved;

      continued acceptable safety profile of our drug candidates following regulatory
         approval, if and when received; and

      stable and supportive domestic policies, favorable international environment and
         good relationships among nations.

                                      - 61 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                     RISK FACTORS

     If we do not achieve one or more of the aforementioned factors in a timely manner or at
all, we could experience significant delays or difficulties in obtaining approvals for and/or
successfully commercializing our drug candidates.

     Some of our drug candidates represent a novel approach to therapeutic needs compared
with more commonly used medical methods, which carries inherent development risks and
could result in delays in clinical development, regulatory approval or commercialization. Any
modification to the protocols related to the demonstration of safety or efficacy of our drug
candidates may delay the clinical program, regulatory approval and/or commercialization, and
we may be required to supplement, modify, or withdraw and refile our applications for the
regulatory approval. This may have a material impact on our ability to generate revenue from
our drug candidates, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, all of our drug candidates were in various phases of
clinical trials and preclinical studies and we did not have any drug candidates that are at
NDA/BLA stage with the relevant competent regulatory authorities. We therefore do not yet
have experience in filing for regulatory approval for our drug candidates, and we have not yet
demonstrated the ability to receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates. As a result, our
ability to successfully obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates may involve more
inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with experience
in obtaining regulatory approvals.

We may not be able to identify, discover or develop new drug candidates, or to identify
additional therapeutic opportunities for our drug candidates, to expand or maintain our
product pipeline.

     The success of our business depends upon our ability to identify, discover, develop and
commercialize drug candidates. Although we have developed proprietary technology platforms
such as AICTM, AIMTM, AEATM which we believe enable us to discover, design, evaluate and
select optimal candidates and continue to enrich our pipeline, we cannot guarantee that we will
be successful in identifying potential new drug candidates. Furthermore, drug candidates that
we identify may be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that make them
unmarketable or unlikely to receive regulatory approval. Some drug candidates such as
Immunocytokine and BsAb drug candidates for oncology that we intend to identify could also
be technically challenging to develop and manufacture. Research programs to identify new
drug candidates and drug targets or to pursue the development of our drug candidates for
additional indications require substantial technical, financial and human resources. Our
research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential indications and/or drug
candidates, yet fail to yield results for clinical development for a number of reasons, including
but not limited to the following factors:

      the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential
         indications and/or new drug candidates;

                                            - 62 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                              RISK FACTORS

      there may be a lack of transferability of experimental results obtained in the
         laboratory testing in cells or from animals into clinical treatment and safety
         outcomes in human subjects, including unexpected toxicities in humans;

      potential drug candidates may, after further study, be shown to have adverse effects
         or other characteristics that indicate they are unlikely to achieve desired safety and
         efficacy;

      it may take greater resources to identify additional therapeutic opportunities for our
         drug candidates or to develop suitable potential drug candidates, thereby limiting
         our ability to diversify and expand our drug portfolio; or

      we may not be able to manufacture the right dosage form to match the appropriate
         route of administration during the development of our drug candidates.

     Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify new drug
candidates or additional therapeutic opportunities for our drug candidates or to develop
suitable potential drug candidates through internal research programs, which could materially
and adversely affect our future growth and prospects. We may focus our efforts and resources
on potential drug candidates or other potential programs that ultimately prove to be
unsuccessful.

We invest substantial resources in research and development in order to develop, enhance
or adapt to new technologies and methodologies, which may not be successful attempts.

     The global biologics market is constantly evolving, and we must keep pace with new
technologies and methodologies to maintain our competitive position. For the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2022 and for the three months ended March 31, 2023, our research and
development expenses were RMB64.0 million, RMB53.2 million and RMB14.6 million,
respectively. We need to continue to invest in human resources and technologies that will allow
us to enhance the scope and quality of our research and development. We intend to continue
to enhance our technical capabilities in drug discovery, development and manufacturing, which
are capital-and-time-intensive. We cannot assure you that we will be able to develop, enhance
or adapt to new technologies and methodologies, successfully identify new technological
opportunities, develop and bring new or innovative drugs to market, obtain sufficient or any
patent or other intellectual property protection for such new or innovative drugs, or obtain the
necessary regulatory approvals in a timely and cost-effective manner, or, if such drugs are
introduced to the market, that those drugs will achieve market acceptance. Any failure to do
so may make our technologies obsolete, which could harm our business and prospects.

                                       - 63 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

We face intense competition and our competitors may discover, develop or commercialize
competing drugs faster or more successfully than we do, which may adversely affect our
ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates.

     The development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive and subject
to rapid and significant technological changes. Major pharmaceutical companies, established
biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, universities and other research
institutions have commercialized or are commercializing or pursuing the development of drugs
competing with our drug candidates.

     Some of our competitors have greater financial, technical and human resources, more
established commercialization infrastructure as well as more drug candidates in late-stage
clinical development than we do. For example, multiple multi-national pharmaceutical
companies are also developing antibodies against same targets of our drug candidates for the
treatment of solid tumors. Even if our drug candidates have been successfully developed and
subsequently approved by the NMPA, the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities, we
will still face competition in terms of safety, efficacy, tolerability, the timing and scope of the
regulatory approvals, the availability and cost of supply, sales and marketing capabilities,
price, patent position and other factors. Our competitors may succeed in developing competing
drugs and obtaining regulatory approvals before us or gain better acceptance for the same
target markets as ours, which will undermine our competitive position. Disruptive technologies
and medical breakthroughs may further intensify the competition and render our drug
candidates obsolete or noncompetitive.

     Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result
in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors.
Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors,
particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These
third parties may compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and
management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical
trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs.

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain
outcomes, and we may encounter unexpected difficulties executing our clinical trials and
commercializing our drug candidates on a timely basis.

     To obtain regulatory approval for the sale of our drug candidates, we are required to
conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug candidates
in human. Clinical trials are expensive, difficult to design and implement, and the clinical
outcomes are subject to high uncertainty. We may experience numerous unexpected events
during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay us in or prevent us from receiving
regulatory approvals for the development and commercialization of our drug candidates,
including but not limited to situations whereby:

      regulators may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or
         conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site;

                                          - 64 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                    RISK FACTORS

      the number of patients required for clinical trials of our drug candidates may be
         larger than we anticipate;

      the patient enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or patients
         may drop out or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than
         anticipated;

      our CROs may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual
         obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all;

      the supply or quality of our drug candidates or other materials necessary to conduct
         clinical trials of our drug candidates may be insufficient or inadequate;

      the costs of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be substantially higher than
         anticipated;

      our drug candidates may lack meaningful clinical responses, which may expose the
         participants to unacceptable health and safety risks;

      our drug candidates may cause adverse events, have undesirable side effects or other
         unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators to suspend or terminate
         the trials;

      regulators may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical
         research for various reasons such as non-compliance; and

      clinical trials of our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results,
         and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials
         or abandon drug development programs.

     If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug
candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, or if we are unable to successfully
complete clinical trials of our drug candidates or other testing, or if the results of these trials
or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if they raise safety concerns, we may
be delayed in obtaining regulatory approval for our drug candidates or not obtain regulatory
approval at all, or obtain approval for proposed indications that are not as broad as intended.
We may have the drug removed from the market even after obtaining regulatory approval. We
may also be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements and restrictions on how
the drug is distributed or used.

                                          - 65 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

     Delays in clinical trials and other testing or approvals may result in increases in our drug
development costs. We do not know whether any clinical trials will begin as planned, will need
to be restructured or will be completed on schedule. Significant clinical trial delays could also
shorten any periods during which we have the exclusive right to commercialize our drug
candidates or allow our competitors to bring drugs to market before we do and impair our
ability to commercialize our drug candidates and may have an adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

If we encounter difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical
development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected.

     The successful and timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols
depends on, among other things, our ability to timely enroll a sufficient number of patients who
opt to participate and remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may fail to initiate or continue
clinical trials for our drug candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number
of eligible patients to participate in our clinical trials, or if there are delays in the enrollment
of eligible patients as a result of the competitive clinical enrollment environment. The inability
to enroll a sufficient number of patients who meet the applicable criteria for our clinical trials
would result in significant delays. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our
clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to:

      the design of the trial;

      the patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol;

      the severity of the disease under investigation;

      the size and demographics of the patient population;

      the size of the study population required for analysis of the trial's primary endpoints;

      our ability to obtain and maintain patient consents;

      the experience and competencies of our third-party contractors;

      our ability to select clinical trial sites and to recruit clinical trial investigators with
         the appropriate competencies and experience;

      the proximity of patients to trial sites;

      clinicians' and patients' perceptions of the potential advantages and side effects of
         the drug candidate being studied compared to other available therapies, including
         any new drugs or treatments that may be approved for the indications we are
         investigating;

                                        - 66 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                               RISK FACTORS

      the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will not complete a clinical trial;

      the outbreak of epidemics or pandemics; and

      the availability of approved therapies that are similar in mechanism to our drug
         candidates.

     In addition, our clinical trials may compete with other clinical trials for drug candidates
that are in the same therapeutic areas as our drug candidates, and this competition will reduce
the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients may opt to enroll in
a trial conducted by one of our competitors instead of ours. As the number of qualified clinical
investigators and clinical trial sites is limited, we may conduct some of our clinical trials at the
same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of
patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites.

     Even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials, delays
in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the
planned clinical trials, which could delay or prevent completion of these trials and materially
and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our drug candidates.

Adverse events caused by our drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials,
delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved drug,
or result in significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.

     Undesirable adverse events caused by our drug candidates, or caused by our drug
candidates when used in combination with other drugs, could cause significant negative
consequences, including but not limited to the following:

      regulatory authorities could interrupt, delay or halt pending clinical trials;

      regulatory authorities may order us to cease further development of, or delay or even
         deny approval of, our drug candidates for any or all targeted indications if results of
         our trials reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of certain adverse
         events;

      regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of an approved
         drug candidate, or we may determine to do so even if not required;

      regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label of an approved
         drug, issue safety alerts or other communications containing warnings or other
         safety information of such approved drug, or impose other limitations on such
         approved drug;

      we may suspend, delay or alter development or marketing of our drug candidates;

                                       - 67 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

      we may be required to develop a risk evaluation mitigation strategy for the drug
         candidate, or, if one is already in place, to incorporate additional requirements under
         the existing strategy, or to develop a similar strategy as required by a comparable
         regulatory authority;

      we may be required to change the way the drug candidate is administered or conduct
         post-market studies;

      the patient enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate, or patients
         may drop out or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than
         anticipated;

      the costs of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be substantially higher than
         anticipated;

      we could be required to recall our drug candidates and subject to litigation
         proceedings and regulatory investigations and held liable for harm caused to patients
         exposed to or taking our drug candidates; and

      our reputation may suffer.

     Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance
of the particular drug candidate, and could significantly harm our business, results of
operations and prospects.

Results of early clinical trials may not be predictive of future trial results.

     The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the
success of later phase clinical trials, and favorable initial or interim results of a clinical trial
do not necessarily predict successful final results. Our drug candidates in later stages of
clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety, immunogenicity and efficacy traits despite
having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials.

     In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety, immunogenicity and/or
efficacy results among different trials of the same drug candidate due to numerous factors,
including, but not limited to, changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in
the size and demographics of the patient populations, including genetic differences, patient
adherence to the dosing regimen, other trial protocol elements and the rate of dropout among
clinical trial participants. As drug candidates are developed through preclinical and clinical
trials towards approval and commercialization, it is customary that various aspects of the
development programs, such as manufacturing and formulation, are altered along the way in an
effort to optimize processes and results. Differences in the number of clinical trial sites and
countries involved may also lead to variability between earlier and later-phase clinical trials.
Constantly updated standard therapies may change patient resistance, which may affect the
efficacy of our medicines. Such changes carry the inherent risks that they may not necessarily

                                       - 68 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

achieve the intended objectives. In addition, our future clinical trial results may differ from
earlier trials and may not be favorable. Even if our future clinical trial results show favorable
efficacy, not all patients may benefit. Therefore, the results of planned clinical trials or other
future clinical trials could be significantly different and other than as predicted, which could
result in delays in the completion of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and commencement of
commercialization of our drug candidates. If so, we would have expended a significant amount
of capital to progress the relevant drug candidates to that stage, and would not realize any
revenue on such drug candidate if it then ultimately failed to receive regulatory approval due
to poor clinical trial results. Such an uncompensated expenditure could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

If our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of
regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur
additional costs or experience delays in completing, or may ultimately be unable to
complete, the development and commercialization of our drug candidates.

     Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercialization of our drug candidates,
we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our drug
candidates for their proposed indications in humans. We may conduct clinical trials with larger
subject sample sizes as our clinical trial plan advances, and our drug candidates may not show
the promising safety, immunogenicity and efficacy results that were observed in earlier clinical
trials with fewer subjects. Undesirable adverse events caused by our drug candidates could
cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay, suspend or terminate clinical trials and
result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval. Results of our
clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of adverse events.
In such an event, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated and we may be required
to cease further development of, or deny approval of, our drug candidates for any or all targeted
indications. Adverse events could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects
to complete the trial, and result in potential product liability claims. In addition, our clinical
trials may not generate meaningful clinical response or have other unexpected characteristics,
such as the short-term duration of response and insufficient enhancement of overall survival
benefits.

     If the results of clinical trials of our drug candidates are not positive or only modestly
positive for proposed indications, or if they raise safety concerns, any or some of the following
would occur:

      regulatory approvals for our drug candidates would be delayed or denied;

      we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our drug
           candidates beyond our current development plan;

      we may be required to add labeling statements, such as a "boxed" warning or a
           contraindication;

                                          - 69 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

      we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of the side
         effects for distribution to patients;

      we may be required to implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy program,
         including but not limited to medication guides, doctor communication plans, or
         elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries
         and other risk management tools;

      we may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for all the proposed indications
         as intended;

      we may be subject to restrictions on how the drug is distributed or used;

      we may be sued or held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking
         our drug candidates;

      we may be unable to obtain reimbursement for use of the drug; and

      conditional regulatory approval of our drug candidates may require us to conduct
         confirmatory studies to verify the predicted clinical benefit and additional safety
         studies. The results from such studies may not support the clinical benefit, which
         would result in the approval being withdrawn.

     Having expended a significant amount of capital to progress our drug candidates, if such
drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory
authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results in future clinical trials, we would not
be able to realize any revenue on such drug candidates if they then or ultimately fail to receive
regulatory approvals due to unsatisfactory clinical trial results, thereby materially and
adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

     In addition, if one or more of our drug candidates receives regulatory approval, and we
or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by such drugs, it could result in a
number of potentially significant negative consequences, including but not limited to, the
following situations whereby:

      we may be forced to suspend marketing of the drug;

      regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals for the commercial sales of the drug;

      regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label;

      we may be required to develop risk evaluation and mitigation measures for the drug
         or, if risk evaluation and mitigation measures are already in place, to incorporate
         additional requirements under the risk evaluation and mitigation measures;

                                        - 70 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

      we may be required to conduct post-market studies;

      we could be required to recall our products and be sued and held liable for harm
           caused to subjects or patients; and

      our reputation may suffer.

     Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance
of the particular drug candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may allocate our limited resources to pursue particular drug candidates or indications
and fail to capitalize on other drug candidates or indications that may later prove to be
more profitable, or for which there is a greater likelihood of success.

     As we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus our pipeline on research
platforms and drug candidates that we identify for specific indications. As a result, we may
forgo or delay pursuit of opportunities with other drug candidates or for other indications that
may later prove to have greater commercial potential or a greater likelihood of success. Our
spending on current and future research and development platforms and drug candidates for
specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. Accordingly, our resource
allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on other viable commercial products or
profitable market opportunities. If we cannot accurately evaluate the commercial potential or
target market for a particular drug candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that drug
candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it
would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization
rights.

The data and information that we gather in our research and development process could
be inaccurate or incomplete, which could harm our business, reputation, financial
condition and results of operations.

     We collect, aggregate, process, and analyze data and information from our preclinical
studies and clinical trials. We also engage in substantial information gathering following the
identification of a promising drug candidate. Because data in the healthcare industry is
fragmented in origin, inconsistent in format, and often incomplete, the overall quality of data
collected or accessed in the healthcare industry is often subject to challenge, the degree or
amount of data which is knowingly or unknowingly absent or omitted can be material, and we
often discover data issues and errors when monitoring and auditing the quality of our data. If
we make mistakes in the capture, input, or analysis of these data, our ability to advance the
development of our drug candidates may be materially harmed and our business, prospects and
reputation may suffer.

                                         - 71 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

     We manage and submit data to governmental entities for procurement of necessary
regulatory approvals. These processes and submissions are governed by complex data
processing and validation policies and regulations. Notwithstanding such policies and
regulations, interim, top-line or preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or
publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject
to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data, in
which case we may be exposed to liability to a patient, court or government agency that
concludes that our storage, handling, submission, delivery, or display of health information or
other data was wrongful or erroneous. Although we maintain insurance coverage for clinical
trials, this coverage may prove to be inadequate or could cease to be available to us on
acceptable terms, if at all. Even unsuccessful claims could result in substantial costs and
diversion of management time, attention, and resources. A claim brought against us that is
uninsured or under-insured could harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

     In addition, we rely on certain third parties to monitor and manage data for some of our
ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials and control only certain aspects of their activities.
If any of our CROs or other third parties do not perform to our standards in terms of data
accuracy or completeness, data from those preclinical and clinical trials may be compromised
as a result, and our reliance on these parties does not relieve us of our regulatory
responsibilities. For details, see "-- Risks Relating to Our Reliance on Third Parties -- We
work with various third parties to develop our drug candidates, such as those who help us
conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry
out their contractual duties or meet expected timelines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for, or commercialize, our drug candidates, and our business could be materially
harmed" in this section.

Interim and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from
time to time may change as more patient data becomes available and are subject to audit
and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data.

     From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or top-line data from our
preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then available
data, whose results, related findings and conclusions are subject to changes following a more
comprehensive review of such data. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and
conclusions as part of our analyses progress, for which we may not necessarily receive or had
the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the top-line or preliminary
results reported by us may differ from future results of the same studies, or different
conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been
received and fully evaluated. Top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification
procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data
we previously published. As a result, top-line data should be viewed with caution until the final
data are available.

                                         - 72 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

     We may also disclose interim data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Interim
data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risks that one or more of the
clinical outcomes may materially change along with participant enrollment where more
participant data become available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and
final data could significantly harm our business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim data
by us or our competitors could result in volatile prices of our Shares after this [REDACTED].

     Moreover, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our
assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions analyses, or may interpret or weigh the
importance of data differently, which could impact the value of our particular program, the
approvability or commercialization of our particular product candidates.

In conducting drug discovery, development and commercialization, we face potential
liabilities, in particular, product liability claims or lawsuits that could cause us to incur
substantial liabilities.

     We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical trials and any future
commercialization of our drug candidates inside and outside China. For example, we may be
sued if our drug candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise
unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability
claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn
of dangers inherent in the drug, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims
could also be asserted under applicable consumer protection laws. If we cannot successfully
defend ourselves against the claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit
commercialization of our drug candidates. Even successful defense would require significant
financial and management resources.

     Liability claims may result in decreased demand for our drug candidates, injury to our
reputation, withdrawal of clinical trial participants and inability to continue clinical trials,
initiation of investigations by regulators, costs to defend the related litigation, a diversion of
management's time and our resources, substantial monetary awards to trial participants or
patients, product recalls, withdrawals, or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions, loss
of revenue, exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources, the inability to
commercialize any approved drug candidate, and a decline in the market price of our Shares.

     To cover such liability claims arising from clinical trials, we purchase clinical trial
insurance to cover adverse events in our clinical trials. It is possible that our liabilities could
exceed our insurance coverage or that our insurance will not cover all situations in which a
claim against us could be made. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a
reasonable cost or obtain insurance coverage that will be adequate to satisfy any liability that
may arise. If a successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for
uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities, our assets may not be sufficient to cover
such claims and our business operations could be impaired. Should any of these events occur,
it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

                                         - 73 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                              RISK FACTORS

RISKS RELATING TO MANUFACTURING OF OUR DRUG CANDIDATES

We have limited experience in manufacturing therapeutic biologic products on a large
commercial scale, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we
encounter problems in manufacturing our future drug products.

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, all of our drug candidates were in the research and
development stage, and we mainly produce drugs that are used for preclinical studies and
clinical trials. Moreover, the manufacturing of therapeutic biologics is highly complex.
Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to:

      equipment malfunction;

      failure to follow specific protocols and procedures;

      changes in product specification;

      low quality or insufficient supply of raw materials;

      delays in the construction of new facilities or the expansion of our existing
         manufacturing facilities as a result of changes in manufacturing production sites and
         limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements;

      changes in the types of drugs produced;

      advances in manufacturing techniques;

      physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply; and

      man-made or natural disasters and other environmental factors.

     Products with quality issues may have to be discarded, resulting in product shortages or
additional expenses. This could lead to, among other things, increased costs, lost revenue,
damage to customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and,
depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. If problems
are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs
may also be incurred.

     Manufacturing methods and formulation are sometimes altered through the development
of drug candidates from clinical trials to approval, and further to commercialization, in an
effort to optimize manufacturing processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they
will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause the drug
candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future
clinical trials conducted with the altered materials. This could delay the commercialization of

                                     - 74 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

drug candidates and require bridging studies or the repetition of one or more clinical trials,
which may result in increases in clinical trial costs, and delays in drug approvals, and
jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue.

     We may also encounter problems with achieving adequate or clinical-grade products that
meet the regulatory standards or specifications, and maintaining consistent and acceptable
production costs. We may experience shortages of qualified personnel, raw materials or key
contractors, and experience unexpected damage to our facilities or the equipment. In these
cases, we may be required to delay or suspend our manufacturing activities. We may be unable
to secure temporary, alternative manufacturers for our drugs with the terms, quality and costs
acceptable to us, or at all. Such an event could delay our clinical trials and/or the availability
of our drugs for commercial sales. Moreover, we may spend significant time and costs to
remedy these deficiencies before we can continue production at our manufacturing facilities.

     In addition, the quality of our products, including drug candidates manufactured by us for
research and development purposes and drugs manufactured by us for commercial use, depends
significantly on the effectiveness of our quality control and quality assurance, which in turn
depends on factors such as the production processes used in our manufacturing facilities, the
quality and reliability of equipment used, the quality of our staff and related training programs
and our ability to ensure that our employees adhere to our quality control and quality assurance
protocol. However, we cannot assure you that our quality control and quality assurance
procedures will be effective in consistently preventing and resolving deviations from our
quality standards. We are, however, working on improving our documentation procedures for
quality control and quality assurance activities. Any significant failure or deterioration of our
quality control and quality assurance protocol could render our products unsuitable for use,
jeopardize any GMP certifications we may have and/or harm our market reputation and
relationship with business partners. Any such developments may have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may face damage to or disruption of our facilities, which could reduce or restrict our
production capacity, or interrupt our development plans or commercialization efforts.

     We currently manufacture our drug candidates for research and development purposes in
Nanjing, China. Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our facilities could result in
our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. A number of
factors could cause interruptions, including equipment malfunctions or failures, technology
malfunctions, work stoppages, damage to or destruction of either facility due to natural
disasters or other unanticipated catastrophic events, water shortages or fire, regional power
shortages, product tampering or terrorist activities. Any disruption that impedes our ability to
manufacture our drug candidates in a timely manner could materially harm our business,
financial condition and results of operation.

     If our manufacturing facilities or the equipment in them is damaged or destroyed, we may
not be able to quickly or inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all.
In the event of a temporary or protracted loss of the facilities or equipment, we might not be
able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could transfer manufacturing to a
third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since the new
facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need

                                      - 75 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                              RISK FACTORS

regulatory agency approval before selling any of our future approved drug candidates
manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical trials or reduce our product
sales if and when we are able to successfully commercialize one or more of our drug
candidates. Any interruption in manufacturing operations at our manufacturing facilities could
result in our inability to satisfy the demands of our clinical trials or commercialization. Any
disruption that impedes our ability to manufacture our drug candidates in a timely manner
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects.

If our manufacturing facilities fail to meet the necessary quality standards, it could harm
our business and reputation, and our revenue and profitability could be adversely
affected.

     Our manufacturing facilities are required to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals, and
ongoing, periodic inspection to ensure compliance with GMP regulations. Further, we will be
subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with GMP and adherence to
commitments made in any NDA, other marketing application, and previous responses to any
inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to
expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing,
production and quality control. The regulations in the medical sector are relatively new and
constantly evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement must be determined in
accordance with the relevant laws and regulations in effect at the time. Due to the complexity
of the regulatory environment and the occasional amendments to laws and regulations, we
cannot assure you that our business will comply with future laws and regulations, or that we
will always fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, and our failure in compliance
may lead to significant delays in the availability of products for clinical or, in the future,
commercial use, may result in the termination of or a hold on a clinical trial, or may delay or
prevent filing or approval of marketing applications for our drug candidates or their
commercialization, if approved. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could also result
in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, a requirement to
suspend or put on hold one or more of our clinical trials, failure of regulatory authorities to
grant marketing approval of our drug candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of
approvals, supply disruptions, license revocation, seizures or recalls of our drug candidates,
operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business.

     In addition, to obtain the FDA approval for our products in the United States, we would
need to undergo strict pre-approval inspections of our manufacturing facilities. When
inspecting our manufacturing facilities, the FDA may cite GMP deficiencies. Remediating
deficiencies can be laborious, time consuming and costly. Moreover, the FDA will generally
re-inspect the facility to determine whether the deficiency was remediated to its satisfaction,
and may note further deficiencies during re-inspection.

                                        - 76 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

If we are unable to meet the increasing demand for our drug candidates and future drug
products by ensuring that we have adequate manufacturing capacity, or if we are unable
to successfully manage our anticipated growth or to precisely anticipate market demand,
our business and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.

     To produce our drug candidates in the quantities that we believe will be required to meet
anticipated market demand of our drug candidates, if approved, we will need to substantially
increase, or scale up, the production process. If the scale up is delayed, the cost of this scale
up is not economically feasible for us, or we cannot find a third-party supplier, we may not be
able to produce our approved drug candidates in a sufficient quantity to meet future demand.

     In anticipation of the commercialization of our drug candidates and market demand of our
drug candidates, if approved, we may need to expand our manufacturing capacity. However, the
timing and success of our capacity expansion are subject to significant uncertainty. Moreover,
such plan is capital intensive and requires significant upfront investment, and there can be no
assurance that we will be able to timely obtain such financing, if at all. Furthermore, we may
not be able to fully utilize them immediately or within a reasonable period of time after we
commence the operation. During the construction and ramp-up period, there may be significant
changes in the biopharmaceutical industry, including, among others, market demand, product
and supply pricing, and customer preferences. Any adverse trends in these respects could result
in operational inefficiency and excess capacity in our manufacturing facilities. We may also
experience various unfavorable events in the course of developing our new manufacturing
facilities, such as:

      unforeseen delays due to construction, or land use rights, which could result in loss
         of business opportunities;

      construction cost overruns, which may require diverting resources and
         management's attention from other projects; and

      difficulty in finding sufficient numbers of trained and qualified staff.

     The success of our business expansion also depends on our ability to advance drug
candidates through the development, regulatory approval and commercialization stages. Any
delay, suspension or termination would harm our ability to generate satisfactory returns on our
investment in manufacturing expansion, if at all, which in turn could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

                                         - 77 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

RISKS RELATING TO COMMERCIALIZATION OF OUR DRUG CANDIDATES

If we are unable to build and manage sales network, or maintain sufficient sales and
marketing capabilities, either by ourselves or through third parties, we may not be able
to successfully create or increase market awareness of our products or sell our products,
which will materially affect our ability to generate product sales revenue.

     We have not yet demonstrated an ability to launch and commercialize any of our drug
candidates. Our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates may involve more
inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with experience
in launching and marketing drug candidates. We will be competing with many companies that
currently have commercialization teams and extensive sales and marketing operations. With
limited experience in sales and marketing, we may be unable to compete successfully against
these more established companies.

     In the long term, if we intend to distribute our products worldwide, we would need to
develop and expand our in-house marketing organization and sales force, which will require
significant expenditures, management resources and time. We will have to compete with other
pharmaceutical companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel.

     If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing and
commercial distribution capabilities, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements
regarding the sales and marketing of our drugs. However, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do
so, that they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the
efforts of such third parties. We would have little or no control over the marketing and sales
efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had
commercialized our drug candidates ourselves. We will also face competition in our search for
third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts for our drug candidates.

     There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop and maintain
in-house sales and commercial distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships
with third-party collaboration partners to successfully commercialize any product, and as a
result, we may not be able to generate product sales revenue.

The actual market size of our product candidates might be smaller than expected. Our
drug candidates, once approved, may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by
physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical community that would
be necessary for our drug candidates' commercial success.

     Our drug candidates, once approved, may fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by
physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical community. Potential patients
and their physicians may be inclined to use conventional standard-of-care treatments rather
than trying out a novel approach. Further, given the novelty of our drug candidates, patients
and medical personnel may need substantial education and training. In addition, physicians,
patients and third-party payers may prefer other products to ours. If our drug candidates do not
achieve an adequate level of acceptance, the commercialization of such drug candidates may
become less successful or profitable than we had expected.

                                         - 78 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

     The degree of market acceptance of our drug candidates, if approved for commercial
sales, will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to:

      the clinical indications for which our drug candidates are approved and the market
         demand for approved products that treat those indications;

      efficacy and safety of our drug candidates;

      the potential and perceived advantages of our drug candidates over alternative
         treatments;

      the prevalence and severity of any side effects;

      acceptance by physicians, operators of hospitals and clinics and patients of our
         products as a safe and effective treatment;

      product labeling or package insert requirements of regulatory authorities;

      limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by regulatory authorities;

      the timing of market introduction of our drug candidates as well as competitive
         drugs;

      the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments;

      the amount of upfront costs or training required for physicians to administer our
         drug candidates;

      the availability of adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party
         payers and government authorities;

      price control or downward adjustment by the government authorities or other pricing
         pressure;

      the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage and
         reimbursement by third-party payers and government authorities;

      relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to
         alternative treatments and competitive therapies;

      adverse publicity about our products or favorable publicity about competitive
         products; and

      the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts.

                                        - 79 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                   RISK FACTORS

     If any approved drug candidates that we commercialize fail to achieve market acceptance
among physicians, patients, third-party payers or others in the medical community, we will not
be able to generate significant revenue. Even if our future approved drug candidates achieve
market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain such market acceptance over time if newly
introduced products or technologies are more favorably received than our drug candidates, are
more cost-effective or render our drug candidates obsolete. Our failure to achieve or maintain
market acceptance for our future approved drug candidates would materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

The illegal and/or counterfeit pharmaceutical products may reduce demand for our drug
candidates, which could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.

     The illegal import of similar or competing products from countries where government
price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the demand
for our future approved drug candidates and, in turn, may adversely affect our sales and
profitability in the jurisdictions where we plan to commercialize our drug candidates. Illegal
imports of prescription drugs may continue to occur or even increase as the ability of patients
and other customers to obtain these lower priced imports continues to grow. Furthermore,
cross-border imports from lower-priced markets (parallel imports) into higher-priced markets
could harm sales of our drugs and exert commercial pressure on pricing within one or more
markets. Any future legislation or regulations that increase consumer access to lower priced
imported medicines where we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.

     Certain pharmaceutical products distributed or sold in our target markets may be
manufactured without proper licenses or approvals, or are fraudulently mislabeled with respect
to their usage or manufacturers. Since counterfeit pharmaceutical products in many cases have
very similar appearances compared with the authentic pharmaceutical products but are
generally sold at lower prices, counterfeits of our products can quickly erode the demand for
our future approved drug candidates.

     Counterfeit pharmaceutical products are unlikely to meet our or our collaboration
partners' rigorous manufacturing and testing standards and may even cause health damage to
patients. Our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit
pharmaceutical products sold under our or our collaboration partners' brand name(s). In
addition, theft of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which is not properly
stored and which is sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety,
our reputation and our business.

                                          - 80 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

If safety, efficacy, or other issues arise with any medical product that is used in
combination with our drug candidates, we may be unable to market such drug candidates
or may experience significant regulatory delays or supply shortages, and our business
could be materially harmed.

     We plan to develop certain of our drug candidates for use as combination therapies.
Combination therapy development carries a higher risk of failure compared to single agent
development due to greater risk of combined drug toxicity as well as lower efficacy due to
drug-drug interactions as well as toxicity limitations on efficacy. The development risks of
failure are even higher if both agents are investigational. There are additional regulatory
requirements for combination development to ensure patient safety during development,
including the requirement for separate combination IND review and the trial designs which are
also more complex and require close monitoring. If any regulatory agency revokes its approval
of any pharmaceutical products or therapy we intend to use in combination with our drug
candidates, we will be forced to terminate or re-design the clinical trials, experience significant
regulatory delays, or will not be able to market our drug candidates in combination with such
revoked pharmaceutical products or therapies. If safety or efficacy issues arise with these or
other therapies that we seek to combine with our drug candidates in the future, we may
experience significant regulatory delays, and we may be required to redesign or terminate the
relevant clinical trials. In addition, if manufacturing or other issues result in a supply shortage
of any component of our combination drug candidates, we may not be able to complete clinical
development of our drug candidates on our current timeline, or at all.

Guidelines, recommendations and studies published by various organizations could
disfavor our drug candidates.

     Government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups, private health
and science foundations and organizations focused on various diseases may publish guidelines,
recommendations or studies that affect our or our competitors' drugs and drug candidates. Any
such guidelines, recommendations or studies that reflect negatively on our drug candidates,
either directly or indirectly relative to our competitive drug candidates, could result in current
or potential decreased use of, sales of, and revenues from one or more of our drug candidates.
Furthermore, our success depends in part on our ability to educate healthcare providers and
patients about our drug candidates, and these education efforts could be rendered ineffective
by, among other things, third parties' guidelines, recommendations or studies.

The national, provincial and other third party drug reimbursement practices and drug
pricing policies or regulations are evolving from time to time, which could harm our
business.

     The regulations that govern regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement for medical
products vary widely from country to country. Our ability to commercialize any drug
candidates will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these drugs and related
treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health
insurers and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payers may control
costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications.

                                        - 81 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                   RISK FACTORS

     The national or local medical insurance catalogs, as well as drug reimbursement lists are
reviewed and updated regularly, which affects the amounts reimbursable to program
participants for their purchases of drugs. There can be no assurance that any of our future
approved drugs will be included in the national, provincial or local medical insurance catalogs.
Drugs or medical products included in the national, provincial or local medical insurance
catalogs are generally generic and essential drugs. Innovative drugs similar to our drug
candidates have historically been more limited on their inclusion in such medical insurance
catalogs. Even if our drug candidates have already obtained regulatory approval, any adverse
pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more drug
candidates.

     In the U.S., no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs exists among
third-party payers. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a drug from
a government or other third-party payer is a time-consuming and costly process that could
require us to provide to each payer supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effective data for the
use of our future approved drugs on a payer-by-payer basis, with no assurance that coverage
and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Even if we obtain coverage for a given drug, the
resulting reimbursement rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability
or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party
payers may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations
required following the use of our future approved drugs. Patients are unlikely to use any of our
future approved drugs unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a
significant portion of the cost of the drugs. Because some of our drug candidates have a higher
cost of goods than conventional therapies, and may require long-term follow-up evaluations,
the risk that coverage and reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve
profitability may be greater.

     Increasingly, third-party payers are requiring that companies provide them with
predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical
products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any approved drug
candidates that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of
reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any
approved drug candidates that we commercialize. Obtaining or maintaining reimbursement for
our future approved drugs may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often
associated with drugs administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is
not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully
commercialize any drug candidates that we successfully develop.

     There may be delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved drug candidates, and
coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug candidates are approved
by the regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any
drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research,
development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new drugs, if
applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent.
Payment rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is

                                          - 82 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost drugs that are already reimbursed, and
may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be
reduced or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payers. Our inability
to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and
private payers for any future approved drug candidates and any new drugs that we develop
could have a material adverse effect on our business, our operating results, and our overall
financial condition.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate patent and other intellectual property
protection for our drug candidates throughout the selected markets in the world, or if the
scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently broad, third parties
could develop and commercialize drug candidates and technologies similar or identical to
ours and compete directly against us, and our ability to successfully develop and
commercialize any of our drug candidates or technologies would be materially and
adversely affected.

     Our success depends in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary technologies
and drug candidates from competition by obtaining, maintaining, defending and enforcing our
intellectual property rights, including patent rights. We seek to protect the drug candidates and
technology that we consider commercially important by filing patent applications relying on
trade secrets or pharmaceutical regulatory protection or employing a combination of these
methods. In particular, we have sought patents for our core and major products. For further
information on our patent portfolio, see "Business -- Intellectual Property" in this document.
If we or our collaborators are unable to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual
property protection with respect to our drug candidates and technologies, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed.

     The patent prosecution process is expensive, time-consuming and complex, and we may
not be able to file, prosecute, maintain, defend, enforce or license all necessary or desirable
patents at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner in all desirable jurisdictions. As a result, we
may not be able to prevent competitors or other third parties from developing and
commercializing competitive drugs in all such fields and jurisdictions. Moreover, some of our
patent applications may in the future be co-owned with third parties. If we are unable to obtain
an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners' interest in such patents or patent
applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other third parties, including
our competitors, and our competitors could market competing products and technology. In
addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in order to enforce
such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us.
Furthermore, the patent position of pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain,
involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in
recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of
our patent rights are highly uncertain.

                                            - 83 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

     There is no uniform requirement or standard on patentability. Many jurisdictions have
compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to
third parties. In addition, many jurisdictions limit the enforceability of patents against
government agencies or government contractors. In these jurisdictions, the patent owner may
have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patents. If we or any
of our collaborators are forced to grant a license to third parties with respect to any patents
relevant to our business, our competitive position may be materially impaired and our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected.

     Patents may be invalidated and patent applications may not be granted for a number of
reasons, including known or unknown prior art, deficiencies or defects in the patent
applications or lack of novelty or an inventive step of the underlying invention or technology.
As of the Latest Practicable Date, we owned four issued patents and 102 pending patent
applications. We cannot assure you that all of these patent applications will be granted. For
further information on our patent portfolio, see "Business - Intellectual Property" in this
document. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable subject matter of our
research and development output in time to obtain patent protection. Although we enter into
non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to confidential or
patentable subject matter of our research and development output, such as our employees,
corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants,
advisors and other third parties, any of these parties may breach such agreements and disclose
such output before a patent application is filed, thereby jeopardizing our ability to obtain patent
protection. In addition, publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind
the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the U.S. and other jurisdictions are typically
not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases, not at all. Therefore, we cannot
be certain that we or our collaborators were the first to make the inventions claimed in our
owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications or that we or our collaborators were
the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. Furthermore, China and the U.S. have
adopted the "first-to-file" system under which whoever first files a patent application will be
awarded the patent if all other patentability requirements are met. If a third party can establish
that we were not the first to file for patent protection of such inventions, our owned or licensed
patent applications may not issue as patents and even if issued, may be challenged and
invalidated or ruled unenforceable, and third parties may be granted a patent relating to a
technology which we invented.

     The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or
enforceability, and our patents may be challenged. We may be subject to a third-party
pre-issuance submission of prior art, or become involved in post-grant proceedings such as
opposition, derivation, revocation and re-examination, or inter partes review, or interference
proceedings or similar proceedings in foreign jurisdictions challenging our patent rights or the
patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or
litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to
commercialize our technology, products or drug candidates and compete directly with us.
Moreover, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the intellectual
property offices to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such

                                        - 84 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                            RISK FACTORS

as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge the priority of our invention or other
features of patentability of our patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in
loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or
held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing
similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of
our technology, products and drug candidates. Such proceedings also may result in substantial
costs and require significant time from our scientists, experts and management, even if the
eventual outcome is favorable to us. Consequently, we do not know whether any of our
technologies, products or drug candidates will be protectable or remain protected by valid and
enforceable patents globally. Our competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent
our patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing
manner.

     Filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents and other intellectual
property rights with respect to our drug candidates in all other jurisdictions throughout the
world would be prohibitively expensive for us. Our intellectual property rights in certain
jurisdictions may have a lessor or different scope and strength compared to those in our target
markets. In addition, the laws of certain jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights
to the same extent as the laws of our target markets. Consequently, in some cases, we may not
be able to obtain issued patents or other intellectual property rights covering our drug
candidates in jurisdictions outside our target markets and, as a result, we may not be able to
prevent third parties from using our inventions in all jurisdictions outside our target markets,
or from selling or importing drugs made using our inventions in and into our target markets or
other jurisdictions. Competitors and other third parties may use our technologies in
jurisdictions where we have not pursued and obtained patent and other intellectual property
protection to develop their own drugs and further, may export otherwise infringing drugs to
jurisdictions where we have patents or other intellectual property protection. These drugs may
compete with our drug candidates and our patent rights or other intellectual property rights may
not be effective or adequate to prevent them from competing.

     Legal systems in certain jurisdictions may not favor the enforcement of patents, trade
secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceutical
biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement,
misappropriation or other violation of our patents or other intellectual property rights, or the
marketing of competing drugs in violation of our proprietary rights in these jurisdictions.
Proceedings to enforce our patent and other intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions
could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our
business, could put our patents and other intellectual property rights at risk of being invalidated
or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke
third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and
the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful.
Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be
inadequate to obtain a commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or
license. Any of the foregoing could have adverse impact our competitive position, business,
financial conditions, results of operations and prospects.

                                      - 85 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

Even if we obtain patent protection for our drug candidates, the term of such protection,
if any, is limited, and third parties could develop and commercialize products and
technologies similar or identical to ours and compete directly against us after the
expiration of our patent rights, if any, and our ability to successfully commercialize any
product or technology would be materially and adversely affected.

     Although various adjustments and extensions may be available, the term of a patent, and
the protection it affords, is limited. Even if we successfully obtain patent protection for a drug
candidate, such drug candidate may face competition from generic or biosimilar medications
once the patent has expired. Manufacturers of generic or biosimilar drugs may challenge the
scope, validity or enforceability of our patents in court or before a patent office; thus, we may
not be successful in enforcing or defending those intellectual property rights and, as a result,
may not be able to develop or market the relevant drug candidate exclusively, which would
have a material adverse effect on any potential sales of that drug candidate. The issued patents
and pending patent applications, if issued, for our drug candidates are expected to expire on
various dates. For the expiration dates of our issued patents for our drug candidates, see
"Business - Intellectual Property" in this document. Upon the expiration of our issued patents
or patents that may issue from our pending patent applications, we will not be able to assert
such patent rights against potential competitors and our business and results of operations may
be adversely affected.

     Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of
new drug candidates, patents protecting such drug candidates might expire before or shortly
after such drug candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patents and patent applications
may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products
similar or identical to ours, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, some of
our patents and patent applications are, and may in the future be, co-owned with third parties.
If we are unable to obtain an exclusive license to any such third-party co-owners' interest in
such patents or patent applications, such co-owners may be able to license their rights to other
third parties, including our competitors, and our competitors could market competing drugs and
technology. In addition, we may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of our patents in
order to enforce such patents against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided
to us. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which
could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful.

     Competitors or other third parties may challenge the ownership, validity and
enforceability of our patents, infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate our other
intellectual property rights. To counter infringement, misappropriation or any other
unauthorized use, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual
property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of our own
intellectual property rights or the proprietary rights of others. Litigation and other proceedings

                                         - 86 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                   RISK FACTORS

in connection with any of the foregoing claims can be expensive and time-consuming and, even
if resolved in our favor, may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract
management and our scientific and technical personnel from their normal responsibilities. We
may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded,
if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Any claims that we assert against perceived
infringers and other violators could also provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against
us alleging that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property
rights. Many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially
greater resources to enforce and defend their intellectual property rights than we can.
Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing
upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. An adverse
result in any litigation proceeding could put our patent, as well as any patents that may issue
in the future from our pending patent applications, at risk of being invalidated, held
unenforceable or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of
discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of
litigation. Thus, even if we were to ultimately prevail, or to settle at an early stage, such
litigation could burden us with substantial unanticipated costs.

     Moreover, we may not be able to uncover infringement against our patents. Even if we
uncover infringement by a third party of any of our patents, we may choose not to pursue
litigation against or settlement with such third party. If we later sue such third party for patent
infringement, the third party may have certain legal defenses available to it, which otherwise
would not be available except for the delay between when the infringement was first uncovered
and when the suit was brought. Such legal defenses may make it impossible for us to enforce
our patents against such third party.

     Although we believe that we have conducted our patent prosecution in accordance with
the duty of candor and in good faith, the outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and
unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we
cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which we, our collaboration partner,
our or their patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a
defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose
at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on our drug candidates, leave our
technology or drug candidates without patent protection, allow third parties to commercialize
our technology or drug candidates and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or
could require us to obtain license rights from the prevailing party in order to be able to
manufacture or commercialize our drug candidates without infringing third party patent rights.
Even if a defendant does not prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, our
patent claims may be construed in a manner that would limit our ability to enforce such claims
against the defendant and others.

                                            - 87 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                    RISK FACTORS

     Moreover, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent
applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license,
develop or commercialize our drug candidates. We may also be subject to claims that former
employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our owned or in-licensed (if
any in the future) patents, patent applications, trade secrets or other intellectual property as an
inventor or co-inventor. For example, we may have ownership or inventorship disputes arising
from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in
developing our drug candidates or technology. Litigation may be necessary to defend against
these and other claims challenging ownership or inventorship of our owned or in-licensed
patents, patent applications, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we fail in defending
any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual
property rights, such as exclusive ownership of or right to use intellectual property that is
important to our drug candidates. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims,
litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other
employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive
position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects.

If we are sued for infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating intellectual
property rights of third parties or engaging in unfair competition, such litigation could be
costly and time-consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or
commercializing our drug candidates.

     Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to avoid infringing,
misappropriating, or otherwise violating intellectual property rights of third parties. However,
our efforts to identify and avoid infringing on third parties' intellectual property rights may not
always be successful. Defending ourselves against third parties' intellectual right infringement
allegations, meritorious or not, would be expensive and time consuming, and would be a
substantial diversion of our resources and our management team's attention. Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation, some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure
during this type of litigation.

     In the event that third parties assert infringement claims against us, there is no assurance
that the outcome would be in our favor, as whether a drug candidate or technology infringes
on third parties' intellectual property rights involves an analysis of complex legal and factual
issues, the determination of which is often uncertain, and the burden of proof required to
successfully challenge or invalidate a third-party intellectual property right may be high. If we
were found by courts or other competent authorities to have infringed on the patent or other
intellectual property rights of third parties, we may be subject to injunctive or other equitable
relief, which could prevent us from developing and commercializing our drug candidates, or
at least delay the development or commercialization process. Even if the litigations or other
proceedings are resolved in our favor, our involvement in such proceedings may attract
publicity, thereby having a substantial adverse effect on our reputation and brand name.

                                       - 88 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

We may not be able to enjoy additional protection over drug-related patents in the U.S.

     In the United States, the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act, as amended by the law
generally referred to as "Hatch-Waxman", provides the opportunity for limited patent term
extension. Hatch-Waxman permits a patent-term restoration that provides a patent term
extension of up to five years to reflect patent term lost during certain portions of product
development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, a patent term extension cannot
extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of drug approval;
only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method
for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. The application for the
extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent for which extension is sought.
A patent that covers multiple products for which approval is sought can only be extended in
connection with one of the approvals. Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any
FDA marketing approval process for any drug candidates we may develop, one or more of our
U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under Hatch-Waxman. However,
we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence
during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable
deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy
applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable period or the scope of patent protection
afforded could be less than we request. In addition, to the extent we wish to pursue patent term
extension based on a patent that we in-license from a third party, we would need the
cooperation of that third party. If we fail to obtain patent term extensions or if the term of any
such extension is less than we request, our competitors may obtain approval of competing
products following our patent expiration, and thus our revenue could be reduced.

     Hatch-Waxman also has a process for patent linkage, pursuant to which the FDA will stay
approval of certain follow-on applications during the pendency of litigation between the
follow-on applicant and the patent holder or licensee, generally for a period of 30 months.
Moreover, Hatch-Waxman provides for statutory exclusivities that can prevent submission or
approval of certain follow-on marketing applications. For example, Hatch-Waxman provides a
five-year period of exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to obtain approval of a new
chemical entity and three years of exclusivity protecting certain innovations to previously
approved active ingredients where the applicant was required to conduct new clinical
investigations to obtain approval for the modification. Similarly, the U.S. Orphan Drug Act
provides seven years of market exclusivity for certain drugs to treat rare diseases, where the
FDA designates the drug candidate as an orphan drug and the drug is approved for the
designated orphan indication. However, we may not be able to enjoy those benefits if we fail
to apply for them according to the FDA's relevant requirements.

                                      - 89 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

If our trademarks and trade names are not adequately protected, then we may not be able
to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely
affected.

     Our trademark registrations and trademark applications may be the subject of a
governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the registration or maintenance of
the same. We cannot assure you that any currently pending trademark applications or any
trademark applications we may file in the future will be approved. During trademark
registration proceedings, we may receive rejections and although we are given an opportunity
to respond to those rejections, we may be unable to overcome such rejections. In addition, in
proceedings of many jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending
trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancelation
proceeding may be filed against our trademarks and our trademarks may not survive such
proceedings. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining trademark protection for our primary brands,
we may be required to change our brand names, which could materially and adversely affect
our business. Moreover, as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate
us from our competitors will increase, and as a result, if we are unable to prevent third parties
from adopting, registering or using trademarks that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our
trademark rights, or engaging in conduct that constitutes unfair competition, defamation or
other violation of our rights, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

                                       - 90 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

     Our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names may be challenged, infringed,
circumvented or declared generic or determined to be infringing on other marks. We may not
be able to protect our rights to these trademarks and trade names, which we need to build name
recognition among potential partners or customers in our markets of interest. At times,
competitors or other third parties may adopt trade names or trademarks similar to ours, thereby
impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In
addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by
owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our
registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Over the long term, if we are unable to
establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able
to compete effectively, and our business may be adversely affected.

If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and
competitive position would be harmed. We may be subject to claims that our employees,
consultants or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their
former employers, or claims asserting ownership of what we regard as our own
intellectual property.

     In addition to our issued patents and pending patent applications, we rely on our trade
secrets and confidential information, including unpatented know-how, technology and other
proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position and to protect our drug
candidates. We seek to protect our trade secrets and confidential information, in part, by
entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to
trade secrets or confidential information, such as our employees, corporate collaboration
partners, outside scientific collaboration partners, sponsored researchers, contract
manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties that have access to them.

     However, we may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our trade
secrets and confidential information by the parties to these agreements. Monitoring
unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult and we do not know whether the steps we have
taken to protect our proprietary technologies will be effective. Any of the parties with whom
we enter into confidentiality agreements may breach the terms of any such agreements and may
disclose our proprietary information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for
any such breach or violation. As a result, we could lose our trade secrets and third parties could
use our trade secrets to compete with our drug candidates and technology. Additionally, we
cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that may have or
has had access to our trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Enforcing a claim
that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and
time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. If any of our trade secrets were to be
lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would
have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us
and our competitive position would be harmed.

                                         - 91 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

     Furthermore, our employees, consultants and advisors, including our senior management,
may currently be, or were previously employed at other pharmaceutical companies, including
our competitors or potential competitors. Some of these employees, consultants, and advisors,
including each member of our senior management, may have executed proprietary rights,
non-disclosure and non-competition agreements in connection with such previous employment.
Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and advisors do not use the
proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to
claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade
secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual's current or former employer.
We are not aware of any threatened or pending claims related to these matters or concerning
the agreements with our senior management, but in the future litigation may be necessary to
defend against such claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying
monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even if we are successful
in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction
to our employees and management.

     While we typically require our employees, consultants and contractors who may be
involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements
assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an
agreement with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own.
Furthermore, even when we obtain agreements assigning intellectual property to us, the
assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment
agreements may be breached, each of which may result in claims by or against us related to the
ownership of such intellectual property to determine the ownership of what we regard as our
intellectual property. Furthermore, individuals executing agreements with us may have
pre-existing or competing obligations to a third party, such as an academic institution, and thus
an agreement with us may be ineffective in perfecting ownership of inventions developed by
that individual. If we fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying
monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights. Even if we are successful
in prosecuting or defending any of the foregoing claims, litigation could result in substantial
costs and be a distraction to our management and scientific personnel.

     In addition, we may in the future be subject to claims by former employees, consultants
or other third parties asserting an ownership right in our owned or licensed patents or patent
applications. An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding may result in loss
of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held
unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or
commercializing similar drug candidates or technology, without payment to us, or could limit
the duration of the patent protection covering our drug candidates and technology. Such
challenges may also result in our inability to develop, manufacture or commercialize our drug
candidates without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength
of protection provided by our owned patents and patent applications is threatened, it could
dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or
future drug candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our
competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects.

                                       - 92 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                    RISK FACTORS

Intellectual property laws and regulations are subject to change, which could diminish the
value of our intellectual property and impair the intellectual property protection of our
drug candidates.

     Our success is heavily dependent on obtaining, maintaining, enforcing and defending
intellectual property rights, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the
pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry involves technological and legal complexity
and is costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or
their interpretations may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of
our patents, diminish our ability to protect our inventions, and, more generally, affect the value
of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent rights.

     Under the America Invents Act, enacted in 2011, the United States moved to first-to-file
system in early 2013 from the previous system under which the first to make the claimed
invention was entitled to the patent. Assuming the other requirements for patentability are met,
the first to file a patent application is entitled to the patent. Publications of discoveries in the
scientific literatures often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the
United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing,
or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the
inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to
file for patent protection of such inventions. The Standing Committee of the National People's
Congress revised the Patent Law of the PRC on October 17, 2020, which entered into force on
June 1, 2021. Comparison with the Patent Law of the PRC revised on December 27, 2008 and
effective October 1, 2009, the major changes in the Patent Law of the PRC (revised in 2020)
are focused on the following: (i) clarification of the incentives for inventors or designers of
subject inventions; (ii) extension of the term for industrial designs; (iii) establishment of a new
"open license" system; (iv) improve the allocation of the burden of proof in patent
infringement cases; and (v) improve damages for patent infringement. We cannot guarantee
that any other changes to intellectual property laws would not have a negative impact on our
intellectual property protection.

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights for our
development pipeline through acquisitions and/or in-licenses.

     Our pipeline portfolio includes an acquired drug candidate IBC0966, and may involve
additional drug candidates that require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, and
we have obtained and may need to further acquire and maintain licenses or other rights to use
these proprietary rights. However, we may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions,
methods of use or other intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. We also
face risks relating to disputes or claims from the contracting parties, including with the local
government, if we do not invest in such projects in a timely manner in accordance with the
terms of the aforementioned agreements, which may adversely impact our research and
development progress, reputation, financial conditions and results of operations.

                                           - 93 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                              RISK FACTORS

     The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive
area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or
acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary.
These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash
resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. In addition,
companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to
us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms
that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. If we are unable
to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights, we may have
to abandon development of the relevant program or drug candidates, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects
for growth.

Patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, regulatory and other
requirements, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated due to
non-compliance with those requirements.

     Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental
fees on patents and patent applications are due to be paid to the CNIPA, USPTO and other
patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of a patent. The CNIPA, USPTO and other
similar governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural,
documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application and
maintenance process. Although an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of
a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in
which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application,
resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-
compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application
include failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees
and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In any such event, our
competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on
our business.

Intellectual property rights do not necessarily protect us from all potential threats.

     The intellectual property legal systems vary across different countries and regions,
introducing uncertainty to the protection of corporate intellectual property. The intellectual
property protection in various countries has its limitations, which may be insufficient to fully
safeguard our business or enable us to maintain a competitive edge. The limitations of the
intellectual property protection system include:

      others may be able to make products that are similar to any of our drug candidates
         or utilize similar or alternative technology that are not covered by the claims of the
         patents that we own or have exclusively licensed now or in the future;

                                        - 94 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

      we or our current or future collaboration partners might not have been the first to
         make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that
         we own or may license in the future;

      we or our current or future collaboration partners might not have been the first to file
         patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions, which could result in
         the patent applications not issuing or being invalidated after issuing;

      others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate
         any of our technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating
         our intellectual property rights;

      it is possible that our pending patent applications or those that we may own in the
         future will not lead to issued patents;

      patents that may be issued from our pending patent applications may not provide us
         with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, including
         as a result of legal challenges by our competitors;

      our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries
         where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such
         activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets;

      we may obtain patents for certain compounds many years before we obtain
         marketing approval for products containing such compounds, and because patents
         have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial sales of the
         related product, the commercial value of our patents may be limited;

      the proprietary technologies on which we rely may not be patentable;

      the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our business; and

      we may choose not to file a patent for certain trade secrets or know-how, yet a third
         party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property.

     Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

                                           - 95 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

RISKS RELATING TO OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND NEED FOR ADDITIONAL
CAPITAL

We have a limited operating history and have incurred net losses since inception. We
expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able to
generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability.

     Investment in the development of pharmaceutical products is highly speculative as it
requires substantial upfront capital expenditures and involves significant risks that a drug
candidate may fail to demonstrate efficacy or safety to gain regulatory or marketing approvals
or become commercially viable. During the Track Record Period, we had financed our
operating activities primarily through capital contributions from our shareholders, private
equity financing and loans.

     While we have other sources of income, we had not generated any revenue from
commercialization of our drug candidates during the Track Record Period, and had incurred,
and may continue to incur, significant research and development expenses and other expenses
related to our ongoing operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and for
the three months ended March 31, 2023, we had loss and total comprehensive expenses of
RMB70.6 million, RMB52.0 million and RMB15.3 million, respectively. Our ability to
generate revenue will depend primarily on the success of the regulatory approval,
manufacturing, and commercialization of the drug candidates, which is subject to significant
uncertainty. Even if we obtain regulatory approval to market our drug candidates, our future
revenue will depend upon other factors such as the market size for the proposed indications of
our drug candidates, and our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance.

     We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and losses for the foreseeable future.
We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly if and as we:

      continue to advance the clinical trials and preclinical studies of our drug candidates;

      initiate preclinical, clinical or other studies for new drug candidates;

      construct new manufacturing facilities;

      seek regulatory approvals for our drug candidates to complete clinical development
         and commence commercialization;

      commercialize our drug candidates for which we have obtained marketing
         approvals;

      attract and retain skilled personnel, and grant equity-settled awards to our
         employees under our share incentive schemes;

                                         - 96 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                               RISK FACTORS

      develop and expand our commercialization team to commercialize any drug
         candidates in our pipeline for which we may obtain regulatory approval;

      maintain, protect, expand and enforce our intellectual property portfolio;

      enforce and defend any intellectual property-related claims; and

      acquire or in-license other drug candidates, intellectual property assets and
         technologies.

     The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on our future expenses resulted
from costs and expenses incurred by our research and development programs and in relation
to our operations, the cost of commercializing any approved drug candidates, our ability to
generate revenues, and the timing and amount of milestone and other payments we make or
receive with or through arrangements with third parties. If any of our drug candidates fails
during clinical trials or does not obtain regulatory approval, or, even if approved, fails to
achieve market acceptance, our business may not become profitable. Even if we achieve
profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods
thereafter. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had, and will continue to have, an
adverse effect on our working capital and shareholders' equity.

We incurred deficit and recorded net current liabilities during the Track Record Period
and may continue to have deficit going forward, which can expose us to liquidity risk.

     We had a total deficit of RMB131.6 million, RMB1.5 million and RMB16.6 million as of
December 31, 2021 and 2022 and March 31, 2023, respectively, and we had net current
liabilities of RMB36.7 million, RMB51.5 million and RMB62.9 million as of December 31,
2021 and 2022 and March 31, 2023, respectively. A total deficit can expose us to the risk of
shortfalls in liquidity. This in turn would require us to seek adequate financing from sources
such as external debt or issuance of our equity interest, which may not be available on terms
favorable or commercially reasonable to us or at all. While we believe we have sufficient
working capital to fund our current operations, we may have net liabilities for the foreseeable
future. If we are unable maintain adequate working capital or obtain sufficient equity or debt
financings to meet our capital needs, we may be unable to continue our operations according
to our plans and be forced to scale back our operations, which may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We had net cash outflow from operating activities during the Track Record Period and
may continue to experience net operating cash outflow for the foreseeable future.

     During the Track Record Period, our operations have consumed a substantial amount of
cash, and accordingly our net cash used in operating activities was RMB52.7 million,
RMB34.6 million and RMB6.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and
for the three months ended March 31, 2023, respectively. While we believe we have sufficient
working capital to cover at least 125% of our costs, for at least the next 12 months from the

                                       - 97 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

date of this document, we expect that we may continue to experience net cash outflows from
our operating activities for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to maintain adequate
working capital, we may default on our payment obligations such as the milestone payments
to CROs, be unable to meet our capital expenditure requirements, be forced to scale back our
operations, and/or experience other negative impacts on our operations, which may have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects.

We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations even if we consummate
the [REDACTED], and if we fail to obtain such financing, we may be unable to complete
the development and commercialization of our primary drug candidates.

     We may require additional cash resources to meet our continued operating cash
requirements in the future, especially to fund our research and development activities. Our cash
operating costs mainly consist of costs relating to R&D of our product candidates, including
contract research expenses, staff costs, material consumed, application fees and others. For
details of our cash operating costs, see "Financial Information -- Cash Operating Costs" in this
document. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts of cash on drug discovery,
advancing the clinical development of our drug candidates, and launching and commercializing
any drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval. If the financial resources
available to us after the [REDACTED] are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we
may seek additional funding through equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and
licensing arrangements. It is uncertain whether financing will be available in the amounts or
on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we were not able to obtain additional capital to meet our
cash requirements in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

Our results of operations, financial condition, and prospects may be adversely affected by
fair value changes and credit risk associated with our financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss.

     During the Track Record Period, we had certain financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss. We are exposed to risks in relation to the financial assets, which may adversely
affect our net changes in their fair value. The financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
are stated at fair value, and net changes in their fair value are recorded as other income or
losses, and therefore directly affect our results of operations. We cannot assure you that market
conditions and regulatory environment will create fair value gains and we will not incur any
fair value losses on our financial assets at fair value through profit or loss in the future. If we
incur such fair value losses, our results of operations, financial condition and prospects may
be adversely affected.

                                        - 98 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

Share-based payment may cause shareholding dilution to our existing Shareholders and
have a negative effect on our financial performance.

     We implemented share incentive plans during the Track Record Period. For the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 and the three months ended March 31, 2023, we incurred
share-based payment expenses of RMB8.3 million, RMB2.0 million and RMB0.2 million,
respectively. To further incentivize our employees and non-employees to contribute to us, we
may grant additional share-based compensation in the future. We established Sunho Stellar, an
incentive platform, to provide incentives to certain eligible employees and directors. For
details, see "History, Reorganization and Corporate Structure -- Adoption of RSU Scheme" in
this document. Issuance of additional Shares with respect to such share-based payment may
dilute the shareholding percentage of our existing Shareholders. Expenses incurred with
respect to such share-based payment may also increase our operating expenses and therefore
have a negative effect on our financial performance.

Fluctuations in exchange rates could result in foreign currency exchange losses.

     The change in the value of currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other
things, changes of the relevant political and economic conditions and foreign exchange
policies. Most of our costs, our assets (including cash and cash equivalents) will be
denominated in a different currency from Hong Kong dollars, the currency that denominates
our [REDACTED] from the [REDACTED]. Any significant change in the related exchange
rates may adversely affect the value of and any dividends payable on, our Shares in Hong Kong
dollars.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR OPERATIONS

Any failure to comply with applicable regulations and industry standards or obtain or
renew certain approvals, various licenses and permits could harm our reputation and our
business, results of operations and prospects.

     A number of governmental agencies or industry regulatory bodies in the PRC, the U.S.
and other applicable jurisdictions impose strict rules, regulations and industry standards
governing biopharmaceutical research and development activities, which apply to us. Our or
our CROs' failure to comply with such regulations could result in the termination of ongoing
research, administrative penalties imposed by regulatory bodies or the disqualification of data
for submission to regulatory authorities. This could harm our business, reputation, prospects
for future work and results of operations. For example, if we or our CROs were to treat research
animals inhumanely or in violation of international standards set out by the Association for
Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care, it could revoke any such
accreditation and the accuracy of our animal research data could be questioned.

     Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, we are required to obtain, maintain and renew
various approvals, licenses, permits and certificates from relevant authorities to operate our
business. Some of these approvals, permits, licenses and certificates are subject to periodic

                                        - 99 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

renewal and/or reassessment by the relevant authorities, and the standards of such renewal
and/or reassessment may change from time to time. Any failure to obtain or renew any
approvals, licenses, permits and certificates necessary for our operations may result in
enforcement actions thereunder, including orders issued by the relevant regulatory authorities
to take remedial actions, suspend our operations or bear fines and penalties which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
During the Track Record Period, the owner of our leased property did not obtain the sewage
disposal drainage license because the industrial park where our lease property is located was
under construction which resulted in the application review and approval process being
temporarily put on hold. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had not received any order of
correction or any fines or penalties from the competent authority as a result of any such failure.
Furthermore, as confirmed by the competent authorities, we will not be subject to penalties or
encounter business suspension due to the leased property owner's failure to timely obtain such
license. As advised by our PRC Legal Adviser, the likelihood that we are subject to penalties
or orders to suspend or shutdown operations by the competent authority due to the leased
property owner's failure to timely obtain such license during the Track Record Period is
relatively low, based on the interviews with competent authorities. Furthermore, if the
interpretation or implementation of existing laws and regulations changes or new regulations
come into effect, we may be required to obtain any additional approvals, permits, licenses or
certificates and we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. Our failure to obtain the
additional approvals, permits, licenses or certificates may restrict the conduct of our business,
increase our costs, and in turn, adversely affect results of operations and prospects.

The loss of any key members of our senior management team or our inability to attract
and retain highly skilled scientists, clinical and sales personnel could adversely affect our
business.

     Our commercial success depends significantly on the continued service of our senior
management. For more details of our senior management, see "Directors and Senior
Management" in this document. The loss of any of our senior management could have a
material adverse effect on our business and operations. Although we have formal employment
agreements with each of our executive officers, these agreements do not prevent our executives
from terminating their employment with us at any time.

     Although we have not historically experienced difficulties attracting and retaining
qualified employees, we could experience such problems in the future. Competition for
qualified employees in the pharmaceutical industry is intense and the pool of qualified
candidates is limited. We may not be able to retain the services of, or attract and retain,
experienced senior management or key scientific and clinical personnel in the future. The
departure of one or more of our senior management or key scientific and clinical personnel,
regardless of whether or not they join a competitor or form a competing company, may subject
us to risks relating to replacing them in a timely manner or at all, which may disrupt our drug
development progress and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.

                                       - 100 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

     Furthermore, replacing executive officers, key employees or consultants may be difficult
and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our
industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain
regulatory approval of and commercialize products like those we develop. Competition to hire
from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these
key personnel or consultants on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous
pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies for similar personnel. To compete
effectively, we may need to offer higher compensation and other benefits, which could
materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
we may not be successful in training our professionals to keep pace with technological and
regulatory standards. Any inability to attract, motivate, train or retain qualified scientists or
other technical personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.

As we have significantly increased the size and capabilities of our organization since our
inception, we may experience difficulties in managing our growth.

     We are a rapidly growing company working on a rich and expanding pipeline of drug
candidates. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our drug
candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our recent growth and any
future growth. We might not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations,
which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational inefficiencies, loss of
business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining
employees. Our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention
away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing
these growth activities.

     As our development and commercialization plans and strategies evolve, we must hire a
significant number of additional managerial, operational, manufacturing, sales, marketing,
financial and other personnel. Our recent growth and any future growth will impose significant
additional responsibilities on our management, including but not limited to:

      identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional
         employees;

      continuing to innovate and develop advanced technologies in the highly competitive
         pharmaceutical industry;

      managing our relationships with third parties, including suppliers and collaboration
         partners;

      managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and
         regulatory authority review process for our drug candidates, while complying with
         our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and

      improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems
         and procedures.

                                        - 101 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

     If we are not able to effectively manage our growth and further expand our organization
by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors as needed,
we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and
commercialize our drug candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research,
development and commercialization goals. Our failure to do so could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

We may engage in acquisitions or strategic partnerships, which may increase our capital
requirements, cause dilution for our shareholders, cause us to incur debt or assume
contingent liabilities and subject us to other risks.

     From time to time, we may evaluate various acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic
partnerships, including licensing or acquiring drug products, intellectual property rights,
technologies or businesses. Any completed, in-process or potential acquisition or strategic
partnership may entail numerous risks, including:

      increased operating expenses and cash requirements;

      the assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent or unforeseen liabilities;

      the issuance of our equity securities;

      assimilation of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired
         company, including difficulties associated with integrating new personnel;

      the diversion of our management's attention from our existing product programs and
         initiatives in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition;

      the loss of key employees and personnel, and uncertainties in our ability to maintain
         key business relationships;

      risks and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction,
         including the prospects of that party and their existing drugs or drug candidates and
         regulatory approvals; and

      our inability to generate revenue from acquired technology or products sufficient to
         meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset the associated
         acquisition and maintenance costs.

     We may not be able to identify attractive targets, and we have limited experience in
acquisitions. In addition, we may not be able to successfully acquire the targets identified
despite spending a significant amount of time and resources on pursuing such acquisition.
Furthermore, integration of an acquired company, its intellectual property or technology into
our own operations is a complex, time-consuming and expensive process. The successful
integration of an acquisition may require, among other things, that we integrate and retain key

                                         - 102 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

management, sales and other personnel, integrate the acquired technologies or services from
both an engineering and a sales and marketing perspective, integrate and support preexisting
supplier, distribution and customer relationships, coordinate research and development efforts,
and consolidate duplicate facilities and functions. The geographic distance between companies,
the complexity of the technologies and operations being integrated, and the disparate corporate
cultures being combined may increase the difficulties of integrating an acquired company or
technology. In addition, it is common in our industry for competitors to attract customers and
recruit key employees away from companies during the integration phase of an acquisition. In
addition, if we undertake acquisitions, we may issue dilutive securities, assume or incur debt
obligations, incur large one-time expenses, and acquire intangible assets that could result in
significant future amortization expense.

We face risks related to natural disasters, health epidemics and outbreaks of contagious
diseases, and other factors beyond our control.

     Any future occurrence of force majeure events, natural disasters or outbreaks of other
epidemics and contagious diseases, including avian influenza, severe acute respiratory
syndrome, swine influenza caused by the H1N1 virus, or H1N1 influenza or the Ebola virus,
may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, the world has experienced natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods and droughts
in the past few years. Any future occurrence of severe natural disasters may materially and
adversely affect its economy and our business. We cannot assure you that any future occurrence
of natural disasters or outbreaks of epidemics and contagious diseases or the measures taken
in response to such contagious diseases will not seriously disrupt our operations or those of our
customers, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

We are subject to the risks of doing business globally. Disruptions in the financial markets
and economic conditions could affect our ability to raise capital.

     We primarily operate and currently conduct all our clinical trials in China. As we may
further our development efforts for our drug candidates in the United States in the future, our
business is subject to risks associated with doing business globally. Accordingly, our business
and financial results in the future could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors,
including:

      changes in a specific country's or region's political and cultural climate or economic
           condition;

      unexpected changes in laws and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions;

      differences between national and local practice with respect to laws and regulatory
           requirements in a specific jurisdiction;

      difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in certain jurisdictions;

                                           - 103 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                   RISK FACTORS

      efforts to develop an international sales, marketing and distribution organization
         may increase our expenses, divert our management's attention from the acquisition
         or development of drug candidates or cause us to forgo profitable licensing
         opportunities in these geographies;

      the occurrence of economic weakness, including inflation or political instability;

      inadequate intellectual property protection in certain jurisdictions;

      difficulty of ensuring that third-party partners do not infringe, misappropriate, or
         otherwise violate the patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights of
         others;

      the enforcement of anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws against us;

      trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements and fines,
         penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges;

      delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses, tariffs and other
         barriers and restrictions, potentially longer payment cycles, and greater difficulty in
         accounts receivable collection;

      non-compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws;

      the effects of applicable local tax regimes and potentially adverse tax consequences;

      significant adverse changes in local currency exchange rates; and

      business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions and cultural climate or
         economic condition, including war and acts of terrorism, natural disasters, including
         earthquakes, volcanoes, typhoons, floods, hurricanes and fires, or the impact of
         public health pandemics or epidemics.

     Furthermore, global economies could suffer dramatic downturns as the result of a
deterioration in the credit markets and related financial crisis as well as a variety of other
factors, including extreme volatility in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit
availability, ratings downgrades of certain investments and declining valuations of others. In
the past, governments have taken unprecedented actions in an attempt to address and rectify
these extreme market and economic conditions by providing liquidity and stability to the
financial markets. If these actions are not successful, the return of adverse economic conditions
may cause a significant impact on our ability to raise capital, if needed, on a timely basis and
on acceptable terms or at all.

                                         - 104 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

We may become involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings, which could adversely
affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and reputation.

     We may become subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims that arise in
breach of related laws and regulations in our ordinary course of business or pursuant to
governmental or regulatory enforcement activity. Litigation to which we subsequently become
a party might result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources.
Furthermore, any litigations, legal disputes, claims or administrative proceedings that may
initially not appear to be of material importance may escalate and become important to us due
to a variety of factors, such as the facts and circumstances of the cases, the likelihood of loss,
the monetary amount at stake and the parties involved. We believe that our have maintained
adequate insurance to cover our key liabilities arising from such proceedings. For more details
of our insurance, see "Business -- Insurance" in this document. However, it is possible that our
liabilities could exceed our insurance coverage or that our insurance will not cover all
situations in which a claim against us could be made. We may not be able to maintain insurance
coverage at a reasonable cost or obtain insurance coverage that will be adequate to satisfy any
liability that may arise. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could
result in unanticipated costs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations or reputation.

We have limited insurance coverage, and any claims beyond our insurance coverage may
result in our incurring substantial costs and a diversion of resources.

     We maintain insurance policies that are required under the PRC laws and regulations and
that we believe are in line with market practice and adequate for our business to safeguard
against risks and unexpected events. Our insurance policies cover adverse events in our clinical
trials. We also maintain social welfare insurance for our employees in accordance with relevant
PRC laws and regulations. However, our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover any
claims that we may have. Any liability or damage to, or caused by, our facilities or our
personnel beyond our insurance coverage may result in our incurring substantial costs and a
diversion of resources and may negatively impact our drug development and overall
operations.

Increased labor costs could slow our growth and affect our operations.

     Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient
number of qualified employees, including management, technical, research and development,
sales and marketing, production, quality control and other personnel. We face intense
competition in recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, as competitors are competing for
the same pool of qualified personnel and our remuneration packages may not be as competitive
as those of our competitors. Increasing market competition may cause market demand and
competition for qualified employees to intensify. If we face labor shortages or significant
increases in labor costs, higher employee turnover rates or changes to labor laws and
regulations, our operating costs could increase significantly, which could materially and
adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we could face labor disputes with our
employees, which could lead to fines by governmental authorities and settlement costs to
resolve the disputes. Labor disputes could also make it more difficult to recruit new employees
due to the reputational damage caused. Any of the foregoing changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects.

                                       - 105 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                     RISK FACTORS

If we or our CROs fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and
regulations, we could be subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a
material adverse effect on the success of our business.

     We are subject to numerous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in
China and the United States, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling,
use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve
the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials.
Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We contract with third parties for the
disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot fully eliminate the risk of accidental
contamination, biological or chemical hazards or personal injury at our facilities during the
process of discovery, testing, development and manufacturing of our drug candidates. In the
event of such accidents, we could be held liable for damages and clean-up costs which, to the
extent not covered by existing insurance or indemnification, could harm our business. We may
also be forced to close or suspend operations at certain of our affected facilities temporarily or
permanently. As a result, any accidental contamination, biological or chemical hazards or
personal injury could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects.

     We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties
for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. In addition, we may incur substantial
costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health, and safety laws and
regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our drug candidate R&D
program efforts. Moreover, there is increasing stakeholder pressure on companies to diligence
environmental, social, and governance matters in the supply chain. Negative publicity
regarding production methods, alleged practices or workplace or related conditions of any of
our suppliers, CROs or other third parties who perform services for us could adversely affect
our reputation and force us to locate alternatives, which could increase our costs and result in
delayed supply of components for, and manufacturing of, our drug candidates, or other
disruptions to our operations.

We may be unable to detect, deter and prevent all instances of fraud or other misconduct
committed by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial
partners.

     We may be exposed to fraud, bribery or other misconduct committed by our employees
or third parties that could subject us to financial losses and sanctions imposed by governmental
authorities, which may adversely affect our reputation. During the Track Record Period and up
to the Latest Practicable Date, we were not aware of any instances of fraud, bribery, or other
misconduct involving employees and other third parties that had any material adverse impact
on our business and results of operations. However, we cannot assure you that there will not
be any such instances in future. Although we consider our internal control policies and
procedures to be adequate, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of
misconduct. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts
that have gone undetected or future acts, may have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations.

                                          - 106 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                    RISK FACTORS

Any failure to comply with the PRC regulations regarding contribution of social
insurance premium or housing provident funds may subject us to fines and other legal or
administrative measures.

     According to the Social Insurance Law of the PRC, the Regulations on Management of
Housing Provident Fund and other applicable PRC regulations, any employer operating in
China must contribute social insurance premium and housing provident funds for its
employees. Any failure to make timely and adequate contribution of social insurance premium
or housing provident funds for its employees may trigger an order of correction from
competent authority requiring the employer to make up the full contribution of such overdue
social insurance premium or housing provident funds within a specified period of time,
otherwise the competent authority may further impose fines or penalties. We make
contributions of social insurance premiums for our employees to provide for retirement,
medical, work-related injury, maternity and unemployment benefits, as well as the housing
provident funds. During the Track Record Period, we were not in strict compliance with the
requisite contribution requirements in relation to some of our PRC employees, which will not
bring any material adverse effect to our operations or financial position. Based on the relevant
rules and regulations, the under provision of social insurance and housing provident fund
contributions amounted to approximately RMB1.9 million, RMB2.8 million and RMB0.8
million in 2021, 2022 and the three months ended March 31, 2023, respectively. As of the
Latest Practicable Date, we had not received any order of correction or any fines or penalties
from the competent authority as a result of any such failure. We have obtained certain
confirmation letters issued by the relevant competent social insurance and housing provident
fund authorities confirming that there is no record of any member of our Group that hires
employees being imposed administrative penalties by the relevant authorities for violation of
the relevant laws and regulations. As advised by our PRC Legal Adviser, the likelihood that we
will be required to settle all historical social insurance premiums and housing provident funds
and be subject to material administrative penalties due to our failure to make full contributions
of social insurance premium and housing provident funds for some of our employees during the
Track Record Period is relatively low, provided that there are no material adverse changes in
the current regulatory policies and environment and no material employee complaints occur.
However, we cannot assure you that the competent authority will not require us to rectify any
non-compliance by making contribution of overdue social insurance premium or housing
provident funds or to pay any overdue fine or penalty related thereto.

We do not own the real property for our current major operation sites and are subject to
risks associated with leasing space.

     We lease premises in China. The lessors of the leased properties may not have valid title
or the legal rights to such leased properties or may not have complied with all the necessary
property leasing procedures. In addition, as our leases expire, we may fail to obtain renewals,
either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could compel us to close such offices
or manufacturing facilities. Our inability to enter into new leases or renew existing leases on
terms acceptable to us could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations
or financial condition. Pursuant to PRC laws, both lessors and lessees are required to file the
lease agreements with relevant authorities for record and obtain property leasing filing
certificates for their leases.

                                         - 107 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

Our internal information technology systems, or those used by our CROs or other
contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches.

     In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including,
among other things, legally protected patient health information, personally identifiable
information about our employees, intellectual property and proprietary business information
We manage and maintain our data utilizing on-site systems. Such data encompass a wide
variety of business critical information including research and development information,
commercial information and business and financial information. Because information
technology systems, networks and other technologies are critical to many of our operating
activities, shutdowns or service disruptions pose increasing risks. Despite the implementation
of security measures, our internal information technology systems and those of our current and
any future third-party vendors, collaboration partners, consultants, and third parties performing
services for us, as well as our clinical sites and regulatory authorities, are vulnerable to damage
from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, and
telecommunication and electrical failures.

     Although we have not experienced any such material system failure, accident, or security
breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could
result in a disruption of our drug candidate development and our business operations, whether
due to a loss of our trade secrets or other proprietary information or other similar disruptions.

     For example, the loss of clinical trial data from our current or future clinical trials could
result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover
or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in the
theft or destruction of intellectual property, data, or other misappropriation of assets, financial
loss, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our
operations, our competitive position could be harmed, and the further development and
commercialization of our drug candidates could be delayed.

     We could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification,
or intentional or accidental release or loss of information maintained in the information
systems and networks of our company and clinical sites, including personal information of our
employees and, potentially, our clinical study patients and confidential data. In addition, third
parties may attempt to penetrate our systems or fraudulently induce our personnel to disclose
sensitive information in order to gain access to data and systems. We may experience threats
to our data and systems, including malicious codes and viruses, phishing, and other
cyber-attacks. The number and complexity of these threats continue to increase over time. If
a material breach of our information technology systems occurs, the market perception of the
effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and our reputation and credibility could
be damaged. We could be required to expend significant amounts of money and other resources
to repair or replace information systems or networks.

                                           - 108 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

     In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions or claims made by individuals and
groups in private litigation involving privacy issues related to data collection and use practices
and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate
disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. Although we develop and maintain
systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring, and we have a process
to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls,
and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change
and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated.

     Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be
eliminated entirely. As we engage in more electronic transactions with clinical sites and
collaboration partners, and rely more on cloud-based information systems, the related security
risks will increase, and we will need to expend additional resources to protect our technology
and information systems. In addition, there can be no assurance that our internal information
technology systems, or those of third parties with which we conduct business, will be sufficient
to protect us against breakdowns, service disruption, data deterioration, or loss in the event of
a system malfunction, or prevent data from being stolen or corrupted in the event of a
cyberattack, security breach, industrial espionage attacks, or insider threat attacks, which could
result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm.

Our reputation is important to our business success, and damage to our reputation may
adversely affect our business.

     We, our Shareholders, Directors, officers, employees, collaboration partners, suppliers, or
other third parties we cooperate with or rely on may be subject to negative media coverage and
publicity from time to time. Such negative coverage in the media and publicity could threaten
the perception of our reputation. In addition, to the extent our Shareholders, Directors, officers,
employees, collaboration partners, suppliers or other third parties we work with or rely on were
non-compliant with any laws or regulations, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to
our reputation. Any negative publicity regarding our industry could also affect our reputation
and commercialization. As a result, we may be required to spend significant time and incur
substantial costs to respond and protect our reputation, and we cannot assure you that we will
be able to do so within a reasonable period of time, or at all, in which case our business, results
of operations, financial condition and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

Our risk management and internal control systems may not fully protect us against
various risks inherent in our business.

     We have established risk management and internal control systems consisting of the
relevant organizational framework policies, risk management policies and risk control
procedures to manage our risk exposures, primarily credit risk, operational risk and legal risk
as well as liquidity risk. However, we may not be successful in implementing our risk
management and internal control systems. While we seek to continue to enhance our risk
management and internal control systems from time to time, we cannot assure you that our risk
management and internal control systems are adequate or effective notwithstanding our efforts,
and any failure to address any potential risks and internal control deficiencies could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

                                         - 109 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

     Since our risk management and internal control systems depend on their implementation
by our employees, we cannot assure you that all of our employees will adhere to such policies
and procedures, and the implementation of such policies and procedures may involve human
errors or mistakes. Moreover, our growth and expansion may affect our ability to implement
stringent risk management and internal control policies and procedures as our business evolves.
If we fail to timely adopt, implement and modify, as applicable, our risk management and
internal control policies and procedures, our business, financial condition and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR RELIANCE ON THIRD PARTIES

We work with various third parties to develop our drug candidates, such as those who
help us conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not
successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected timelines, we may not be
able to obtain regulatory approval for, or commercialize, our drug candidates, and our
business could be materially harmed.

     We have worked with and plan to continue to work with third-party CROs to monitor and
manage data for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs. We work with these parties to
execute our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and control only certain aspects of their
activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted
in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific
standards, and our collaboration with the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory
responsibilities. We, our CROs for our clinical programs and our clinical investigators are
required to comply with GCP, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the NMPA, the
FDA, and other comparable regulatory authorities for all of our drugs in clinical development.
If we or any of our CROs or clinical investigators fail to comply with applicable GCP, the
clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the NMPA, the FDA,
or comparable regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before
approving our marketing applications. In addition, our pivotal clinical trials must be conducted
with products produced under GMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations
may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process.

     If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs terminate, we may not be able to
enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or to do so on commercially reasonable terms
or in a timely manner. In addition, our CROs are not our employees, and except for remedies
available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they
devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical and non-clinical programs. If
CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected
deadlines, or if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they
or our clinical investigators obtain is compromised due to failure to adhere to our clinical
protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended,
delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our drug candidates. If our CROs err in their experimental operations, the
development projects of our drug candidates may be delayed or adversely affected. As a result,
our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our drug candidates would be
harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.

                                       - 110 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                              RISK FACTORS

     Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional costs and delays, which can
materially influence our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. There can
be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that
these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse effect on our business.

     Our future revenues are dependent on our ability to work effectively with collaboration
partners to develop our drug candidates, including to obtain regulatory approval. Our
arrangements with collaboration partners will be critical to successfully bringing drug
candidates to market and commercializing them. We rely on collaboration partners in various
respects, including to undertake research and development programs and conduct clinical
trials, manage or assist with the regulatory filings and approval process and to assist with our
commercialization efforts. We do not control our collaboration partners; therefore, we cannot
ensure that these third parties will adequately and timely perform all of their obligations to us.
If they fail to complete the remaining studies successfully, or at all, it could delay, adversely
affect or prevent regulatory approval. We cannot guarantee the satisfactory performance of any
of our collaboration partners and if any of our collaboration partners breach or terminate their
agreements with us, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the licensed drug which
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results
of operations.

     In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform certain specification tests on our drug
candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data
are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm and regulatory authorities could
place significant restrictions on our Company until deficiencies are remedied.

We depend on a stable and adequate supply of quality materials and research and
development and manufacturing equipment from our suppliers, and price increases or
interruptions of such supply could have an adverse impact on our business.

     Our business operations require a substantial amount of raw materials as well as
equipment and other materials needed for research and development and manufacturing
purposes, and are therefore exposed to various supply chain risks. During the Track Record
Period, we relied on third parties to supply certain materials. We expect to continue to rely on
third parties to supply such materials and equipment for the research, development,
manufacturing and commercialization of our drug candidates. For details, see "Business -
Suppliers and Raw Materials" in this document.

     Currently, the materials and equipment are supplied by multiple source suppliers. We
have agreements for the supply of drug materials with manufacturers or suppliers that we
believe have sufficient capacity to meet our demands. In addition, we believe that adequate
alternative sources for such supplies exist. However, there is a risk that, if supplies are
interrupted, we may not be able to find alternative supplies in a timely and commercially
reasonable manner, or at all, and it would materially harm our business. Any disruption in
production or the inability of our suppliers to produce adequate quantities to meet our needs
could impair our operations and the research and development of our drug candidates.

                                        - 111 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                               RISK FACTORS

     Moreover, we require a stable supply of materials for our drug candidates in the course
of our research and development activities, and such needs are expected to increase
significantly once we enter commercial production of drugs upon receipt of marketing
approval, but there is no assurance that current suppliers have the capacity to meet our demand.
Any delay in receiving such materials in the quantity and quality that we need could delay the
completion of our clinical trials, regulatory approval of our drug candidates or our ability to
timely meet market demand for our commercialized products, as applicable. Our suppliers may
not be able to cater to our growing demands or may reduce or cease their supply of materials
to us at any time.

     We are also exposed to the risk of increased costs, which we may not be able to pass on
to customers and, as a result, lower our profitability. In the event of significant price increases
for such materials, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the prices of our future
drug products sufficiently to cover the increased costs. As a result, any significant price
increase for our needed materials may have an adverse effect on our profitability.

     Additionally, our suppliers may also fail to maintain adequate quality of the services,
materials and equipment we need. Although we have implemented quality inspection on the
materials before using them in the manufacturing process, we cannot assure you that we will
be able to identify all of the quality issues. Suboptimal or even deficient supplies of services,
materials and equipment may hinder the research and development of our drug candidates,
subject us to product liability claims or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our
operations.

     In addition, we cannot assure you that these third parties will be able to maintain and
renew all licenses, permits and approvals necessary for their operations or comply with all
applicable laws and regulations. Their failure to do so may lead to interruption in their business
operations, which in turn may result in shortage of the materials and equipment supplied to us,
and cause delays in clinical trials and regulatory filings, or recall of our products. The
non-compliance of these third parties may also subject us to potential product liability claims,
cause us to fail to comply with the continuing regulatory requirements, and incur significant
costs to rectify such incidents of non-compliance, which may have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have entered into collaboration with our partner and may seek further collaboration
opportunities and strategic alliances or enter into licensing arrangements in the future,
but we may not realize the benefits of such collaboration, alliances or licensing
arrangements.

     Historically we have entered into the collaboration arrangement with ImmuneOnco
Biopharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Inc. ("ImmuneOnco") in relation to the development of our
drug candidate IBC0966. For details, see "Business - Collaboration Arrangement" in this
document. We may in the future seek and form additional strategic alliances, joint ventures or
other collaborations, including entering into licensing arrangements with third parties that we
believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with

                                        - 112 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                   RISK FACTORS

respect to our drug candidates and any future drug candidates that we may develop. Any of
such relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our short-
and long-term capital expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing shareholders, or
divert the attention of our management from our normal course of business. Moreover, we face
significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is
time-consuming and complex. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic
partnership or other alternative arrangements for our drug candidates because they may be
deemed to be at too early a stage of development for collaborative effort and third parties may
not view our drug candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and
efficacy or commercial viability.

     If and when we collaborate with a third party for the development and commercialization
of a drug candidate, we may relinquish some or all of the control over the future success of that
drug candidate to the third party. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or
target market for a particular drug candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that drug
candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it
would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization
rights to such drug candidate, or we may allocate internal resources to a drug candidate in a
therapeutic area in which it would have been more advantageous to enter into a partnering
arrangement.

     Collaborations involving our drug candidates are subject to a number of risks, which may
include but are not limited to the following:

      our collaboration partners have significant discretion in determining the efforts and
         resources that they will allocate to such collaborations or strategic alliances;

      our collaboration partners may not pursue development and commercialization of
         drug candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or
         renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results,
         changes in their strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an
         acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities;

      our collaboration partners may delay their drug development plan, including clinical
         trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial
         or abandon a drug candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new
         formulation of a drug candidate for clinical testing;

      our collaboration partners could independently develop, or develop with other third
         parties, drugs that compete directly or indirectly with our drug candidates;

                                          - 113 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

      our collaboration partners may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual
         property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a
         way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigations that could jeopardize or
         invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to
         potential liability;

      collaboration partners may not always be cooperative or responsive in providing
         their services in a clinical trial;

      disputes may arise between us and our collaboration partners that cause the delay or
         termination of the research, development or commercialization of our drug
         candidates, or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management
         attention and resources;

      collaborations may be terminated if we or our collaboration partners fail to comply
         with our or their obligations in the collaboration agreements;

      termination of collaborations may result in a need for additional capital to pursue
         further development or commercialization of the relevant drug candidates;

      our collaboration partners may own or co-own intellectual property covering our
         drugs that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we would not
         have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property; and

      our collaboration partners with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of
         our drug candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient
         resources to the marketing and distribution of such drug candidates.

     We cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction, we will be able to generate
the target level of revenue or profit that can justify such a transaction. If we are unable to reach
agreements with suitable collaboration partners on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all,
we may have to curtail the development of a drug candidate, reduce or delay its development
program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential
commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our
expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense.
If we elect to fund and undertake development or commercialization activities on our own, we
may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to
us on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations and do not have sufficient
funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities,
we may not be able to further develop our drug candidates or bring them to market and generate
product sales revenue, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects.

                                             - 114 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                   RISK FACTORS

We are exposed to risks related to concentration of suppliers.

     Purchases from our five largest suppliers accounted for 75.4%, 54.1%, and 76.1% of our
total purchase amount, respectively, in each 2021, 2022 and the three months ended March 31,
2023. During the Track Record Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, we had not
experienced any material shortage of supplies or services. However, we cannot assure you that
these suppliers will continue to provide supplies and services at prices and on terms and
conditions acceptable to us. Our reliance on our top five suppliers may also expose us to the
risk of unexpected price increases for purchases, or shortage in supply of raw materials and
services. In such a situation, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected.

RISKS RELATING TO GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS

All material aspects of the research, development and commercialization of
pharmaceutical products are heavily regulated. Any failure to comply with existing or
future regulations and industry standards or any adverse actions by drug approval
authorities against us could negatively impact our reputation and our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects.

     All jurisdictions in which we intend to develop and commercialize our drug candidates
and conduct other pharmaceutical-industry activities regulate these activities in great depth and
detail. We adopt a global development strategy and intend to focus our activities in the major
markets including China and the United States. These jurisdictions all strictly regulate the
pharmaceutical industry, and in doing so they employ broadly similar regulatory strategies,
including regulation of the development and approval, manufacturing, marketing, sales and
distribution of pharmaceutical products. However, there are differences in the regulatory
regimes that make for a more complex and costly regulatory compliance burden for a company
like us that plans to operate in these regions. Our or our CROs' failure to comply with such
regulations could result in the termination of ongoing research, administrative penalties
imposed by regulatory bodies or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory
authorities. This could harm our business, reputation, prospects for future work and results of
operations.

     We are also subject to the laws and regulations as amended from time to time in all
jurisdictions in which we intend to develop and commercialize our drug candidates and
conduct other pharmaceutical-industry activities. For example, on September 12, 2022, the
President of the United States issued "Executive Order on Advancing Biotechnology and
Biomanufacturing Innovation for a Sustainable, Safe, and Secure American Bioeconomy"
(the "Executive Order"), launching a national biotechnology and biomanufacturing initiative in
the United States. This initiative will be comprised of various efforts by the U.S. government,
including investments, programs and partnerships to advance research and development in
biotechnology and biomanufacturing, as well as efforts to secure and protect the U.S.
bioeconomy. The Executive Order may lead to potential changes to U.S. policies affecting the
biotechnology and biomanufacturing industries. Substantially all of our operations and all of
our clinical trials are conducted in China. We plan to conduct clinical trials for certain drug
candidates and explore development and/or commercialization opportunities in the United
States in the future. We therefore expect that the Executive Order will have no immediate

                                          - 115 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

impact on our research and development activities in the United States. However, it is unknown
at this time whether and what specific policies and actions will be adopted by the U.S.
government. If the U.S. government were to adopt any policies that adversely impact foreign
companies conducting research and development activities in the United States, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

     The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and maintaining compliance with
appropriate laws and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial
resources. Failure to comply with the applicable requirements at any time during the drug
development process or approval process, or after approval, may subject an applicant to
administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include a regulator's refusal to
approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, license revocation, a clinical hold,
voluntary or mandatory product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of
production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution,
disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Failure to comply with these regulations could
therefore materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects.

     Moreover, the regulatory framework regarding the pharmaceutical industry is continuing
to change and evolve, and we cannot guarantee that changes to the laws and regulations with
regard to pharmaceutical industry in jurisdictions where we operate would not adversely affect
our business and prospects. Any such changes or amendments may result in increased
compliance difficulty and costs or cause delays in, or prevent the successful development or
commercialization of, our drug candidates and reduce the current benefits we believe are
available to us from developing and manufacturing our drug candidates. Changes in
government regulations or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical industry such as a
relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified approval procedures
which would lower the entry barrier for potential competitors, or an increase in regulatory
requirements which may increase the difficulty for us to satisfy such requirements, may have
a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects.

Changes in government regulations or in practices relating to the biopharmaceutical
industry may affect our business.

     Changes in government regulations or in practices relating to the biopharmaceutical
industry, such as a relaxation in regulatory requirements, or the introduction of simplified
approval procedures, which would lower the entry barrier for potential competitors, or an
increase in regulatory requirements, which may increase the difficulty for us to satisfy such
requirements, and may impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and
prospects. In response to emergent situations for public interests, governments in the world
may take actions to protect their citizens that could affect our ability to control the production
and export of medical products or otherwise impose burdensome regulations on our business.

                                        - 116 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                    RISK FACTORS

The regulatory approval processes relating to the marketing of our drug candidates are
lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are unable to obtain without
undue delay any regulatory approval for our drug candidates in our targeted markets,
our business may be substantially harmed.

     We are subject to risks associated with obtaining regulatory approvals. Difficulties and
failures in doing so may expose us to various harms. Significant time, effort and expense are
required to bring our drug candidates to market in compliance with the regulatory process, and
we cannot assure you that any of our drug candidates will be approved for sale. The time
required to obtain approvals from the NMPA, the FDA, and other comparable regulatory
authorities is unpredictable but typically takes 10 to 15 years following the commencement of
preclinical studies and clinical trials and depends on numerous factors, including the
substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. In addition, regulations, approval policies
and requirements for clinical data may change during the clinical development process of a
drug candidate and may vary among jurisdictions. It is not uncommon that the NMPA, the FDA
or a comparable regulatory authority may require more information, including additional
analysis, reports, data, non-clinical studies and clinical trials, or questions regarding
interpretations of data and results, to support approval, which may increase our costs, prolong,
delay or prevent approval and our commercialization plans, or we may decide to abandon the
development programs. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet regulatory
requirements of different jurisdictions or that our drug candidates will be approved for sale in
those jurisdictions. Additional time, effort and expense may be required to bring our drug
candidates, upon regulatory approval, to the international markets in compliance with different
regulatory processes.

     Our drug candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval in a timely manner for many
reasons, including but not limited to:

      failure to begin or complete clinical trials due to disagreements with regulatory
         authorities in the design or implementation of our clinical trials;

      failure to demonstrate that a drug candidate is safe and potent for its proposed
         indications or, if it is a biologic, that it is safe, pure and potent for its proposed
         indication;

      failure to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits of a drug candidate
         outweigh its safety risks;

      failure of clinical trial results to meet the level of statistical and medical significance
         required for approval;

      data integrity issues related to our clinical trials;

      disagreement with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical
         trials;

                                           - 117 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                    RISK FACTORS

      insufficiency of data from clinical trials of our drug candidates to support the filing
         of the submission or to obtain regulatory approval;

      failure to conduct a clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our
         clinical trial protocols;

      clinical sites, investigators or other participants in our clinical trials deviating from
         a trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory
         requirements, or dropping out of a trial resulting in failure to pass audits carried out
         by the NMPA, the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities and a potential
         invalidation of our research data;

      failure of our clinical trial process to keep abreast with any scientific or
         technological advancements required by regulations or approval policies; and

      findings by the NMPA, the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities of
         deficiencies related to our manufacturing processes or the manufacturing facilities
         of third-party manufacturers from whom we procure clinical and commercial
         supplies.

     Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may also occur, and we may need to
amend clinical trial protocols submitted to competent regulatory authorities to reflect these
changes. Resubmission may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical
trial. The policies of the NMPA, the FDA and other comparable regulatory authorities may also
change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or
delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes
in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able
to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any regulatory approval that we may have
obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability.

     Moreover, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory
authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not mean that
regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Approval procedures vary among
countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional
administrative review periods. Seeking regulatory approvals in various jurisdictions could
result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and may require additional preclinical
studies or clinical trials which would be costly and time-consuming. Regulatory requirements
can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our
products in those countries. Satisfying these and other regulatory requirements is costly,
time-consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. In addition, our failure to
obtain regulatory approval in any country may delay or have negative effects on the process
for regulatory approval in other countries.

                                            - 118 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

     We may experience delays in the completion of, or the termination of, a clinical trial of
any of our drug candidates. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs,
slow down our drug candidate development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability
to commence product sales and generate related revenues for that candidate. Many of the
factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may
also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our drug candidates, and may cause
reputational damage.

     We cannot assure you that we can satisfy all regulatory requirements to obtain regulatory
approvals in a timely manner, or at all, or to obtain regulatory approvals with an ideal scope
of indications, which may have an adverse impact on our reputation and the commercial
prospects of our drug candidates, and eventually may harm our business, financial condition
and prospects significantly.

     Adverse events caused by our drug candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials,
delay or prevent regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or
result in significant negative consequences following any regulatory approval.

     Adverse events caused by our drug candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to
interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials, or a significant change in our clinical protocol or our
development plan and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of
regulatory approval by the NMPA, the FDA or other comparable regulatory authorities, or
could result in limitations or withdrawal following approvals.

     If results of our trials reveal a high and unacceptable severity or prevalence of certain
adverse events, our trials could be suspended or terminated and the NMPA, the FDA or other
comparable regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of, or deny
approval of, our drug candidates for any or all targeted indications.

     Adverse events caused by our drug candidates, including when used in combination
therapy, which may involve unique adverse events that could be exacerbated compared with
adverse events from monotherapies, and off-label use of our drug candidates could potentially
cause significant negative consequences for our Company, including:

      regulatory authorities could delay or halt pending clinical trials;

      we may suspend, delay or alter development or marketing of the drug candidates;

      regulatory authorities may withdraw approvals or revoke licenses of an approved
         drug candidate, or we may determine to do so even if not required;

      regulatory authorities may require additional warnings on the label of an approved
         drug candidate;

                                          - 119 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

      we may be required to develop a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy for the drug
         candidate, or, if one is already in place, to incorporate additional requirements under
         the risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or to develop a similar strategy as
         required by a comparable regulatory authority;

      we may be required to conduct post-market studies;

      we could be subject to litigation proceedings and held liable for harm caused to
         subjects or patients;

      the patient enrollment may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate or patients
         may drop out or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than
         anticipated;

      the costs of clinical trials of our drug candidates may be substantially higher than
         anticipated; and

      our reputation may suffer.

We primarily conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates in China, while FDA or
comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not accept data from such trials.

     We primarily conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates in China. The acceptance of
trial data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States or another jurisdiction by the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may be subject to certain conditions or may
not be accepted at all. In cases where data from foreign clinical trials are intended to serve as
the basis for marketing approval in the United States, the FDA will generally not approve the
application for marketing approvals on the basis of foreign data alone unless (i) the data are
applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; and (ii) the trials were performed
by clinical investigators of recognized competence and pursuant to Good Clinical Practice, or
GCP, regulations. Additionally, the FDA's clinical trial requirements, including sufficient size
of patient populations and statistical powering, must be met. Many foreign regulatory
authorities have similar approval requirements. In addition, such foreign trials would be
subject to the applicable local laws of the foreign jurisdictions where the trials are conducted.
There is no assurance that the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority will accept
data from trials conducted outside of the United States or the applicable jurisdiction. If the
FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority does not accept such data, it would result
in the need for additional trials, which could be costly and time-consuming and delay our
business plan, and may result in product candidates that we may develop not receiving approval
for commercialization in the relevant jurisdiction.

                                       - 120 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

We are subject to stringent privacy laws, information security policies and contractual
obligations related to data privacy and security in data storage and data transfer, and we
may be exposed to risks related to our management of the medical data of subjects
enrolled in our clinical trials and other personal or sensitive information.

     Data protection and privacy laws and regulations generally require clinical trial sponsors
and operators and their personnel to protect the privacy of their enrolled subjects and prohibit
unauthorized disclosure of personal information. If such institutions or personnel divulge the
subjects' private or medical records without their consent, they will be held liable for damage
caused thereby. We routinely receive, collect, generate, store, process, transmit and maintain
medical data treatment records and other personal details of the subjects enrolled in our clinical
trials, along with other personal or sensitive information. As such, we are subject to the
relevant local, state, national and international data protection and privacy laws, directives
regulations and standards that apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure,
transfer and other processing of personal data in the jurisdictions in which we operate and
conduct our clinical trials, as well as contractual obligations. Currently, we are primarily
subject to numerous PRC laws and U.S. federal and state laws governing data protection and
privacy.

     The PRC authorities promulgated a series of laws and regulations governing the various
aspects of information security, data collection and privacy protection, including, among
others, the Cybersecurity Law of the PRC, the Provisions on Protection of Personal
Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users, the Cybersecurity Review Measures, the
Data Security Law of the PRC, and the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC. Under
the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC, in case of any personal information
processing, such individual prior consent shall be obtained, unless otherwise specified. Further,
any data processing activities that are in relation to the sensitive personal information such as
biometrics, medical health and personal information of teenagers under fourteen years old, are
not allowed, unless such activities have a specific purpose, are highly necessary and strictly
protective measures have been taken. In addition, the Measures for the Security Assessment of
Outbound Data Transfer took effect on September 1, 2022, which apply to the security
assessment of data processors' provision of important data and personal information collected
and generated in their operations within the territory of the PRC to overseas recipients, and
require relevant data processors to submit a data security assessment to the regulatory authority
for review prior to the outbound data transfer activities in order to prevent illegal data transfer
activities. In addition, certain industry-specific laws and regulations affect the collection and
transfer of data in China. The Regulations on the Administration of Human Genetic Resources
of the PRC or the HGR Regulation, was promulgated by the State Council in May 2019 and
came into effect in July 2019. It stipulates that foreign organizations, individuals, and the
entities established or actually controlled by foreign organizations or individuals are forbidden
to collect, preserve and export China's human genetic resources. Foreign organizations and the
entities established or actually controlled by foreign organizations or individuals may only
utilize and be provided with China's human genetic resources after satisfaction of all
regulatory requirements, such as (i) China's human genetic resources being utilized only in
international cooperation with Chinese scientific research institutions, universities, medical

                                       - 121 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

institutions, and enterprises for scientific research and clinical trials after completion of
requisite approval or filing formalities with competent governmental authorities, and (ii)
China's human genetic resources information being provided after required security review,
filing and information backup procedures have been gone through. In October 2020, the
SCNPC promulgated the Biosecurity Law of the PRC, which became effective in April 2021.
The Biosecurity Law of the PRC reaffirms the regulatory requirements stipulated by the HGR
Regulation while potentially increasing the administrative sanctions where China's human
genetic resources are collected, preserved, exported or used in international cooperation in
violation of applicable laws. The interpretation and implementation of the HGR Regulation and
the related laws and regulations may vary from time to time. Given such circumstance,
although we have made great efforts to comply with mandatory requirements of laws and
government authorities in this regard, we cannot assure you that we will be deemed at all times
in full compliance with the HGR Regulation, the Biosecurity Law of the PRC and other
applicable laws in our utilizing of and dealing with China's human genetic resources. As a
result, we may be exposed to compliance risks under the HGR Regulation and the Biosecurity
Law of the PRC and the applicable laws and regulations.

     Numerous U.S. federal and state laws and regulations relate to the privacy and security
of personal information. In particular, regulations promulgated pursuant to the Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, establish privacy and security
standards that limit the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information,
known as "protected health information," and require the implementation of administrative,
physical and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of protected health information
and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health
information. Determining whether protected health information has been handled in
compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual obligations may require
complex factual and statistical analyses and may be subject to changing interpretation.
Although we take measures to protect sensitive data from unauthorized access, use or
disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by
hackers or viruses or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other malicious or
inadvertent disruptions. Any such breach or interruption could compromise our networks and
the information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, manipulated, publicly
disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, breach or other loss of information could result in
legal claims or proceedings, and liability under federal or state laws that protect the privacy of
personal information, such as the HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic
and Clinical Health Act, and regulatory penalties. Notice of breaches must be made to affected
individuals, the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for extensive
breaches, notice may need to be made to the media or State Attorneys General. Such a notice
could harm our reputation and our ability to compete.

     Complying with all applicable laws, regulations, standards and obligations relating to
data privacy, security, and transfers may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or
require us to modify our data processing practices and processes. Non-compliance could result
in proceedings against us by data protection authorities, governmental entities or others,
including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to

                                     - 122 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

significant fines, penalties, judgments and negative publicity. In addition, if our practices are
not consistent or viewed as not consistent with legal and regulatory requirements, including
changes in laws, regulations and standards or new interpretations or applications of existing
laws, regulations and standards, we may become subject to audits, inquiries, whistleblower
complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal
or civil sanctions and reputational damage. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse
effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations and
prospects.

     In addition, our clinical trials also frequently involve professionals from third-party
institutions working on-site with our staff and enrolled subjects. We cannot ensure that such
persons will always comply with our data privacy measures. We also cooperate with third
parties including principal investigators, hospitals, CROs, and other third-party contractors and
consultants for our clinical trials and operations. Any leakage or abuse of patient data by our
third-party partners may be perceived by the patients as our fault, negligence or a result of our
failure. Furthermore, any change in such laws and regulations could affect our ability to use
medical data and subject us to liability for the use of such data for previously permitted
purposes. Complying with all applicable laws, regulations, standards and obligations relating
to privacy and data security may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us
to modify our data processing practices and processes. Noncompliance could result in
proceedings against us by data protection authorities, governmental entities or others,
including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to
significant fines, penalties, judgments and negative publicity. Any failure or perceived failure
by us to prevent information security breaches or to comply with privacy policies or
privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of information security that results in the
unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other patient data,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

We are subject to registration, review and other requirements of the regulatory
authorities for cross-border sales or licensing of technology as well as operations related
to genetics and data safety.

     Under the Regulations on Administration of Imports and Exports of Technologies
promulgated by the State Council, which were amended in November 2020, technology import
and export is defined to include, among others, the transfer or licensing of patents and
know-how, and the provision of services related to technology. Depending on the nature of the
relevant technology, the import and export of technology require either approvals by or
registration with the relevant PRC governmental authorities. The Measures for the
Administration of Registration of Technology Import and Export Contracts, issued by the
MOFCOM in February 2009, specify registration requirements related to the import and export
of technology. We may in the future enter into agreements with CROs in the United States for
their technical support to assist us with the development of individual drug candidates, which
may be deemed to constitute the import of technology under the regulations. As a result, such
transfers are may be required to be registered with applicable governmental authorities. We are

                                        - 123 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

also subject to regulatory supervision over genetics and data-related operations. To carry out
clinical trials, as a foreign-invested enterprise, we are required to obtain approval from the
Office of Human Genetic Resources Management under the Ministry of Science and
Technology who will conduct genetics and data safety review. There is no assurance that we
will be able to obtain such approval in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, we may also be
subject to similar requirements of overseas regulatory authorities.

     On March 17, 2018, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the Measures
for the Management of Scientific Data, or the Scientific Data Measures, which provides that
enterprises in China must seek governmental approval before any scientific data involving a
state secret or individual privacy may be transferred abroad or to foreign parties. Further, any
researcher conducting research funded at least in part by the government authority is required
to submit relevant scientific data for management by the entity to which such researcher is
affiliated before such data may be published in any foreign academic journal. If and to the
extent our research and development of drug candidates will be subject to the Scientific Data
Measures and any relevant laws as required by the relevant government authorities, we cannot
assure you that we can always obtain relevant approvals for sending scientific data (such as the
results of our preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted within China) abroad. If we are
unable to obtain necessary approvals in a timely manner, or at all, our research and
development of drug candidates may be hindered, which may materially and adversely affect
our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If the relevant
government authorities consider the transmission of our scientific data to be in violation of the
requirements under the Scientific Data Measures, we may be subject to fines and other
administrative penalties imposed by those government authorities.

Even if we receive regulatory approval for our drug candidates, we will be subject to
ongoing or additional regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may
result in significant additional expenses and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to
comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our drug
candidates.

     If the NMPA, the FDA or a comparable regulatory authority approves any of our drug
candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, adverse
event reporting, advertising, promotion, sampling, recordkeeping and post-marketing studies
for the drug will be subject to extensive and ongoing or additional regulatory requirements on
pharmacovigilance. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-
marketing information and reports, registration, random quality control testing, adherence to
any chemistry, manufacturing and controls ("CMC"), variations, continued compliance with
GMPs, cGMPs, GCPs, good storage practices and good vigilance practices and potential
post-approval studies for the purposes of license renewal.

     Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our drug candidates may also be subject to
limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or to the
conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing studies
for the surveillance and monitoring of the safety and efficacy of the drug.

                                      - 124 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

     In addition, once a drug is approved, it is possible that there could be a subsequent
discovery of previously unknown problems with the drug, including problems with third-party
manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements.
If any of the foregoing occurs with respect to our drug candidates, it may result in, among other
things:

      restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the drug, withdrawal of the drug
           from the market, or voluntary or mandatory drug recalls;

      fines, warning letters or holds on our clinical trials;

      refusal by the regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements
           to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of drug license
           approvals;

      refusal by the regulatory authorities to accept any of our other IND approvals, NDAs
           or BLAs;

      suspension or revocation of existing drug license approvals;

      drug seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of drugs; and

      injunctions or the imposition of civil, administrative or criminal penalties.

     Regulatory authorities strictly regulate the marketing, labeling, advertising and
promotion of drugs that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for their
approved indications and for use in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The
regulatory authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of
off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may
be subject to significant liability. Any government investigation of alleged violations of law
could require us to expend significant time and resources and could generate negative publicity.
Moreover, regulatory policies may change or additional government regulations may be
enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates. If we are
not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose the regulatory approvals that we have
already obtained and may not achieve or sustain profitability, which in turn could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects.

                                        - 125 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

We may be directly or indirectly subject to applicable anti-kickback, anti-bribery, false
claims laws, physician payment transparency laws, fraud and abuse laws or similar
healthcare and security laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions,
civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future
earnings.

     Healthcare providers, physicians and others play a primary role in the recommendation
and prescription of any products for which we obtain regulatory approval. Our operations are
subject to various applicable anti-kickback, false claims laws, physician payment transparency
laws, fraud and abuse laws or similar healthcare and security laws and regulations in China and
the United States. These laws may impact, among other things, our proposed sales and
marketing programs. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal and/or
civil sanctions, including penalties, fines and/or exclusion or suspension from governmental
healthcare programs and debarment from contracting with governments.

     In addition, we are subject to similar healthcare laws in other jurisdictions, some of which
may be broader in scope or stricter than others, and if we fail to comply with any such
requirements, we could be subject to penalties.

     Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable
healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Governmental authorities could
conclude that our business practices may not comply with statutes, regulations or case law
involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such
actions are instituted against us, and if we are not successful in defending ourselves or
asserting our rights, those actions could result in the imposition of civil, criminal and
administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from
participation in governmental healthcare programs, reputational harm, diminished profits and
future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our
ability to operate our business and have a significant impact on our businesses and results of
operations.

     In addition, we are subject to anti-bribery laws that generally prohibit companies and
their intermediaries from making payments to government officials for the purpose of
obtaining or retaining business or securing any other improper advantage. Moreover, although
currently our primary operating business is in China, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, which generally prohibits us from making improper payments to non-U.S.
officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Although we have policies and
procedures designed to ensure that we, our employees and our agents comply with anti-bribery
laws, there is no assurance that such policies or procedures will prevent our agents, employees
and intermediaries from engaging in bribery activities. Failure to comply with anti-bribery
laws could disrupt our business and lead to severe criminal and civil penalties, including
imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, loss of our export licenses, suspension of our ability to
do business with the government, denial of government reimbursement for our products and/or
exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs. Other remedial measures
could include further changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies, and controls and
potential personnel changes and/or disciplinary actions, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We could
also be adversely affected by any allegation that we violated such laws.

                                       - 126 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

The pharmaceutical industry is highly regulated and such regulations are subject to
change which may affect approval and commercialization of our drugs.

     The pharmaceutical industry where our business located is subject to comprehensive
government regulation and supervision, encompassing the approval, registration,
manufacturing, packaging, licensing and marketing of new drugs. In recent years, the
regulatory framework in China regarding the pharmaceutical industry has been revolving. Any
such changes or amendments may cause changes in compliance costs on our business, the
successful development or commercialization of our drug candidates and the benefits we
believe are available to us from developing and manufacturing drugs. For example, the Clinical
Value-oriented Guiding Principles on the Clinical Study for Antineoplastic Drugs ("Clinical
Guidelines") issued by the CDE on November 19, 2021, states that the fundamental purpose
of the drug market is to address the needs of patients, and emphasizes that drug research and
development should be based on patient needs and clinical value. The Clinical Guidelines
discourage repetitive research and development of "me-too drugs" (drugs with identical
mechanisms of actions) and disorderly waste. If we are unable to comply with, or are deemed
to be in violation of the Clinical Guidelines' detailed provisions and principles, our clinical
development activities and overall business operations may be adversely impacted.

Changes in the political and economic policies, as well as the interpretation and
enforcement law, rules and regulations, may affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects.

     Due to our extensive operations in the PRC, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects are affected by economic, political, and legal developments in the
PRC. The overall economic growth is influenced by the governmental regulations and policies
in relation to resource allocation, monetary policies, regulations of financial services and
institutions, preferential treatment to particular industries or companies and others. Any of the
foregoing would affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

     Laws, rules and regulations in relation to economic matters are promulgated from time to
time, including those related to such as foreign investment, corporate organization and
governance, commerce, taxation, finance, foreign exchange and trade, so as to develop a
comprehensive system of commercial law. In addition, the interpretation and implementation
of the laws and regulations relating to pharmaceutical industry also evolve from time to time.
The NMPA's recent reform of the drug approval system could has impacts on our
commercialization of drug candidates in a timely manner. For example, the NHC issued the
Administrative Measures for Clinical Use of Oncology Drugs (Trial), effective from March 1,
2021, requiring the oncology drugs, as classified into the "restricted-use" and "normal-use"
categories, to be rationally used or prescribed by the medical institutions and medical
practitioners. In June 2021, the NHC further issued the Administrative Measurements for
Rational Clinical Use of Oncology Drugs, which specifies the calculation formula for the
administrative measurements used for gauging the rational use of restricted-use oncology
drugs, while not yet setting any numeric limits on the measurements. We currently do not
experience or foresee any potential material adverse impact of these regulations on our
business operations. However, as such administrative regulations are newly released and
relevant measures are generally evolving, we cannot assure you if our business operations will
not be adversely affected in the future.

                                           - 127 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                              RISK FACTORS

Changes in U.S. and international trade policies may cause significant disruptions to our
drug candidate manufacturing and other operations.

     The U.S. government has recently made significant changes in its trade policy and has
taken certain actions that may materially impact international trade, such as imposing several
rounds of tariffs. It is unknown whether and to what extent new tariffs (or other new laws or
regulations) will be adopted, or the effect that any such actions would have on us or our
industry.

     While we have not started commercialization of any of our drug candidates, any
unfavorable government policies on international trade, such as capital controls or tariffs, may
affect the demand for our future drug products, the competitive position of our future drug
products, the hiring of scientists and other research and development personnel, and import or
export of raw materials in relation to drug development, or may prevent us from selling our
future drug products in certain countries. If any new tariffs, legislation and regulations are
implemented, or if existing trade agreements are renegotiated, such changes could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

     The evolving trade disputes may escalate going forward and may result in certain types
of goods, such as advanced research and development equipment and materials, becoming
significantly more expensive to procure from overseas suppliers or even becoming illegal to
export. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our existing or potential service providers
or collaboration partners will not alter their perception of us or their preferences as a result of
adverse changes to the state of political relationships among the relevant countries or regions.
Trade disputes, tensions and political concerns among the relevant countries or regions may
therefore adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows
and prospects.

Any failure by the Shareholders or beneficial owners of our Shares to make required
applications and filings pursuant to regulations relating to offshore investment activities
could restrict our ability to distribute profits and subject us to liabilities.

     The State Administration of Foreign Exchange has promulgated several regulations
requiring PRC residents to register before engaging in direct or indirect offshore investment
activities, including the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning the Administration of Foreign
Exchange on Domestic Residents' Overseas Investment, Financing and Roundtrip Investment
through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, issued and effective on July 4, 2014.
SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents (including PRC individuals and PRC corporate
entities as well as foreign individuals that are deemed as PRC residents for foreign exchange
administration purpose) to register with local branches of the SAFE in connection with their
direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for the purpose of overseas
investment and financing, with onshore or offshore assets or equity interests held by the PRC
residents, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a "special purpose vehicle." SAFE Circular 37
further requires amendment to the registration in the event of any significant changes with
respect to the special purpose vehicle. If a shareholder who is a PRC resident does not complete

                                       - 128 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                RISK FACTORS

the required registration or update the previously filed registration, the PRC subsidiaries of the
special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any
reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the special purpose vehicle, and the special
purpose vehicle may be subject to restrictions when making additional capital contributions to
its PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration
requirements described above may result in liabilities for the PRC subsidiaries of the special
purpose vehicle under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions,
including (1) the requirement by the SAFE to return the foreign exchange remitted overseas
within a period of time specified by the SAFE, with a fine of up to 30% of the total amount
of foreign exchange remitted overseas and deemed to have been evasive, and (2) in
circumstances involving serious violations, a fine of no less than 30% of and up to the total
amount of remitted foreign exchange deemed evasive.

     According to the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Issuing the
Provisions on the Foreign Exchange Administration of the Overseas Direct Investments, or
SAFE Circular 30, Administrative Measures for the Outbound Investment of Enterprises and
other regulations, if our Shareholders who are PRC entities do not complete their registration
with the competent SAFE, NDRC or MOFCOM branches, our PRC subsidiaries may be
prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share
transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted in our ability to contribute additional
capital to our PRC subsidiaries. In addition, our Shareholders may be required to suspend or
stop the investment and complete the registration within a specified time, and may be warned
or prosecuted for relevant liability. Moreover, failure to comply with the SAFE registration
described above could result in liability under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign
exchange restriction.

     On February 13, 2015, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying and
Improving Policies for the Foreign Exchange Administration of Direct Investment, or SAFE
Circular 13, which came into effect on June 1, 2015, pursuant to which local banks shall review
and handle foreign exchange registration for overseas direct investment, including the initial
foreign exchange registration and amendment registration under SAFE Circular 37 and SAFE
Circular 30, while the application for remedial registrations shall still be submitted to,
reviewed and handled by the relevant local branches of SAFE.

     We are committed to complying with and to ensuring that our Shareholders who are
subject to the regulations will comply with the relevant SAFE rules and other regulations.
However, we may not always be fully aware or informed of the identities of our beneficiaries
who are PRC nationals or entities, and may not be able to compel them to comply with SAFE
Circular 37, SAFE Circular 30 or other regulations. We cannot assure you that all of our
Shareholders or beneficiaries will at all times comply with, or in the future make or obtain any
applicable registrations or approvals required by SAFE rules or other regulations. Failure by
any such shareholders to comply with SAFE rules or other regulations may result in restrictions
on the foreign exchange activities of our PRC subsidiaries and may also subject the relevant
PRC resident or entity to penalties under the PRC foreign exchange administration regulations.

                                        - 129 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

Dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to us may be subject to PRC withholding taxes.

     The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law ("Enterprise Income Tax Law") and its
implementation rules provide that China-sourced income of foreign enterprises, such as
dividends paid by a PRC subsidiary to its equity holders that are non-PRC resident enterprises,
will normally be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%, unless any such foreign
investor's jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for a different
withholding arrangement. As a result, dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries are
expected to be subject to the PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10%.

     Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion
with respect to Taxes on Income, the withholding tax rate on dividends paid by our PRC
subsidiary to our Hong Kong subsidiary would generally be reduced to 5%, provided that our
Hong Kong subsidiary is a Hong Kong tax resident as well as the beneficial owner of our
PRC-sourced income, and it directly holds 25% or more interests in our PRC subsidiaries. On
February 3, 2018, the State Administration of Taxation issued the Announcement on Certain
Issues Concerning the Beneficial Owners in a Tax Agreement, also known as Circular 9, which
provides guidance for determining whether a resident of a contracting state or region is the
"beneficial owner" of an item of income under China's tax treaties and similar arrangements.
According to Circular 9, a beneficial owner generally must be engaged in substantive business
activities and an agent will not be regarded as a beneficial owner. There is no assurance that
the reduced withholding tax rate will be available to any of our Hong Kong subsidiaries.

We may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC
Enterprise Income Tax Law and become subject to tax liabilities.

     Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law, an enterprise established outside the PRC with "de
facto management bodies" within China is considered a "resident enterprise," meaning that it
is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for the PRC enterprise income tax
("EIT") purposes. The implementing rules of the Enterprise Income Tax Law define "de facto
management bodies" as "management bodies that exercise substantial and overall management
and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties" of the
enterprise. In addition, the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled
Offshore Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto
Management Bodies, or Circular 82, specifies that certain Chinese-controlled offshore
incorporated enterprises, defined as enterprises incorporated under the laws of foreign
countries or territories and that have PRC enterprises or enterprise groups as their primary
controlling shareholders, will be classified as resident enterprises if all of the following are
located or resident in China: (i) senior management personnel and departments that are
responsible for daily production, operation and management; (ii) financial and personnel
decision-making bodies; (iii) key properties, accounting books, company seal and minutes of
board meetings and shareholders' meetings; and (iv) half or more of senior management or
directors having voting rights. State Administration of Taxation of the PRC has subsequently
provided further guidance on the implementation of Circular 82.

                                     - 130 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                            RISK FACTORS

     If the PRC tax authorities determine that our Cayman Islands holding company or any of
our non-PRC subsidiaries is a resident enterprise for PRC EIT purposes, a number of
consequences could follow. First, we and our non-PRC subsidiaries may be subject to EIT at
a rate of 25% on our worldwide taxable income, as well as to PRC EIT reporting obligations.
Second, although under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, dividends paid by a PRC tax
resident enterprise to an offshore incorporated PRC tax resident enterprise controlled by a PRC
enterprise or enterprise group would qualify as tax-exempted income, we cannot assure that
dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to us will not be subject to a 10% withholding tax.
Finally, dividends paid by us to our non-PRC shareholders, and any gain realized from the
transfer of our Shares by our non-PRC shareholders, may be treated as income derived from
sources within China. As a result, dividends paid to our non-PRC resident enterprise
shareholders may be subject to PRC withholding tax and gains realized by our non-PRC
resident enterprise shareholders from the transfer of our Shares may be subject to PRC tax.
Similarly, these unfavorable consequences could apply to our other offshore companies if they
are classified as a PRC resident enterprise.

We and our Shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity
interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of
a non-PRC company.

     Pursuant to the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax Concerning Indirect Transfers
of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Bulletin 7, an "indirect transfer" of "PRC
taxable assets," including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident
enterprises may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such
arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
purpose of avoiding payment of PRC EIT. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer
may be subject to PRC EIT. When determining whether there is a "reasonable commercial
purpose" for the transaction arrangement, factors to be taken into consideration mainly include:
whether the main value of the equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from
PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of
direct or indirect investment in China or if its income mainly derives from China; whether the
offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have
real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the
duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the
transaction by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect
transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Gains derived from the sale of
shares by investors through a public stock exchange are not subject to the PRC EIT pursuant
to Bulletin 7 where such shares were acquired in a transaction through a public stock exchange.
As such, the sale of the Shares on a public stock exchange will not be subject to PRC EIT
pursuant to Bulletin 7. However, the sale of our Shares by a non-PRC resident enterprise
outside a public stock exchange may be subject to PRC EIT under Bulletin 7.

                                    - 131 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                   RISK FACTORS

     Bulletin 7 may be determined by the tax authorities to be applicable to sale of the shares
of our offshore subsidiaries or investments where PRC taxable assets are involved. The
transferors and transferees may be subject to the tax filing and withholding or tax payment
obligation, while our PRC subsidiaries may be requested to assist in the filing. Furthermore,
we, our non-PRC resident enterprises and PRC subsidiaries may be required to spend resources
to comply with Bulletin 7 or to establish that we and our non-PRC resident enterprises should
not be taxed under Bulletin 7, for our previous and future restructuring or disposal of shares
of our offshore subsidiaries.

     The PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the
difference between the fair value of the taxable assets transferred and the cost of investment
under Bulletin 7. If the PRC tax authorities make adjustments to the taxable income of the
transactions under Bulletin 7, our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions
or disposals may increase.

We may face risks from transferring our scientific data.

     On March 17, 2018, the General Office of the State Council promulgated the Measures
for the Management of Scientific Data, or the Scientific Data Measures, which provides a
broad definition of scientific data and relevant rules for the management of scientific data.
According to the Scientific Data Measures, if the provision of scientific data involving "state
secrets" is required in foreign exchanges and cooperation, Chinese enterprises should clarify
the type, scope and purpose of the data to be used, and report to the competent authority for
approval in accordance with relevant procedures of confidentiality management regulations.
When publishing a paper in a foreign academic journal requires the author to submit the
relevant scientific date, the author should, prior to the publication, submit such scientific data
to the belonged institution for unified management if such scientific data are generated with the
government funding. We cannot assure you that we can always obtain relevant approvals for
sending scientific data. If we are unable to obtain necessary approvals in a timely manner, or
at all, our R&D of drug candidates may be hindered, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If the relevant
government authorities consider the transmission of our scientific data to be in violation of the
requirements under the Scientific Data Measures, we may be subject to rectification and other
administrative penalties imposed by those government authorities.

You may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign
judgments against us or our management named in the documents.

     We are a holding company incorporated as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands
with substantially all of our assets located in China. In addition, a majority of our Directors and
senior management personnel reside within mainland China, and substantially all of their assets
are located within the PRC. Therefore, it may be difficult for investors to directly effect service
of legal process upon us or our Directors and senior management personnel in the PRC.

                                          - 132 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                             RISK FACTORS

     On July 14, 2006, the Supreme People's Court of the PRC and the government of Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region entered into the Arrangement on Reciprocal Recognition
and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters by the Courts of the Mainland
and of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Pursuant to Choice of Court Agreements
between Parties Concerned, or the Arrangement, which was taken into effect on August 1,
2008.

     Pursuant to the Arrangement, where any designated PRC court or any designated Hong
Kong court has made an enforceable final judgment requiring payment of money in a civil or
commercial case under a choice of court agreement in writing, any party concerned may apply
to the relevant PRC court or Hong Kong court for recognition and enforcement of the
judgment. A choice of court agreement in writing is defined as any agreement in writing
entered into between parties after the effective date of the Arrangement in which a Hong Kong
court or a mainland court is expressly selected as the court having sole jurisdiction for the
dispute.

     On January 18, 2019, the Supreme People's Court and the Hong Kong SAR Government
signed the Arrangement on Reciprocal Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and
Commercial Matters by the Courts of the Mainland and of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region, or the New Arrangement, which seeks to establish a mechanism with
greater clarity and certainty for recognition and enforcement of judgments in wider range of
civil and commercial matters between Hong Kong SAR and the mainland China. The New
Arrangement does not include the requirement for a choice of court agreement in writing by
the parties. The New Arrangement will only take effect after the promulgation of a judicial
interpretation by the Supreme People's Court and the completion of the relevant legislative
procedures in the Hong Kong SAR. The New Arrangement will, upon its effectiveness,
supersedes the Arrangement. Therefore, before the New Arrangement becomes effective, it
may be difficult to enforce a judgment rendered by a Hong Kong court in China if the parties
in the dispute do not agree to enter into a choice of court agreement in writing.

RISKS RELATING TO THE [REDACTED]

There has been no prior [REDACTED] market for our Shares and there can be no
assurance that an active market would develop, especially taking into account that certain
of our existing shareholders may be subject to a lock-up period, and the [REDACTED]
and [REDACTED] of our Shares may be volatile.

     Prior to this [REDACTED], there has been no [REDACTED] market for our Shares. The
[REDACTED] for our [REDACTED] was the result of negotiations among us and the
[REDACTED] (on behalf of the [REDACTED]) and the [REDACTED] may differ
significantly from the market price for our Shares following this [REDACTED]. We have
applied for [REDACTED] of and permission to [REDACTED] in our [REDACTED] on the
[REDACTED]. A [REDACTED] on the [REDACTED], however, does not guarantee that an
active and liquid [REDACTED] for the Shares will develop, especially during the period when
a certain portion of our Shares may be subject to lock-up, or if it does develop, that it will be
sustained following the [REDACTED], or that the [REDACTED] of the Shares will not
decline following the [REDACTED].

                                     - 133 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                            RISK FACTORS

     In addition, the [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] of the Shares may be subject to
significant volatility in responses to various factors beyond our control, including the general
market conditions of the securities in Hong Kong and elsewhere in the world. In particular, the
business and performance and the market price of the shares of other companies engaging in
similar business may affect the [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] of our Shares. In addition
to market and industry factors, the [REDACTED] and [REDACTED] of our Shares may be
highly volatile for specific business reasons, such as the results of clinical trials of our product
candidates, the results of our applications for approval of our product candidates, regulatory
developments affecting the pharmaceutical markets, healthcare, health insurance and other
related matters, fluctuations in our revenue, earnings, cash flows, investments and
expenditures, relationships with our suppliers, movements or activities of key personnel, or
actions taken by competitors. Moreover, shares of other companies listed on the Stock
Exchange have experienced price volatility in the past, and it is possible that our Shares may
be subject to changes in price not directly related to our performance.

Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our shareholders, restrict our operations
or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or drug candidates.

     The [REDACTED] of the [REDACTED] is higher than the net tangible asset value per
Share immediately prior to the [REDACTED]. Therefore, purchasers of the [REDACTED] in
the [REDACTED] will experience an immediate dilution in pro forma consolidated net
tangible asset value. There can be no assurance that if we were to immediately liquidate after
the [REDACTED], any assets will be distributed to Shareholders after the creditors' claims.
If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your
ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or
other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a shareholder. Debt financing and
preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants
limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt,
making capital expenditures, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual
property rights or declaring dividends, or other operating restrictions.

There will be a time gap between pricing and [REDACTED] of our Shares, and the price
of our Shares when [REDACTED] begins could be lower than the [REDACTED].

     The [REDACTED] of our Shares sold in the [REDACTED] is expected to be determined
on the [REDACTED]. However, the Shares will not commence [REDACTED] on the
[REDACTED] until they are delivered, which is expected to be several Business Days after
the [REDACTED]. As a result, [REDACTED] may not be able to sell or otherwise
[REDACTED] in the Shares before the commencement of [REDACTED]. Accordingly,
holders of our Shares are subject to the risk that the [REDACTED] of the Shares when
[REDACTED] begins could be lower than the [REDACTED] as a result of adverse market
conditions or other adverse developments that may occur between the time of sale and the time
[REDACTED] begins.

                                   - 134 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                  RISK FACTORS

     Future sales or perceived sales of a substantial number of our Shares in the
[REDACTED] market following the [REDACTED] could materially and adversely affect the
price of our Shares and our ability to raise additional capital in the future, and may result in
dilution of your shareholding.

     Prior to the [REDACTED], there has not been a [REDACTED] market for our Shares.
Future sales or perceived sales by our existing Shareholders of our Shares after the
[REDACTED] could result in a significant decrease in the prevailing market price of our
Shares. Only a limited number of the Shares currently outstanding will be available for sale or
issuance immediately after the [REDACTED] due to contractual and regulatory restrictions on
disposal and new issuance. Nevertheless, after these restrictions lapse or if they are waived,
future sales of significant amounts of our Shares in the [REDACTED] market or the
perception that these sales may occur could significantly decrease the prevailing market price
of our Shares and our ability to raise equity capital in the future.

Future sales or perceived sales of our Shares in the [REDACTED] market by major
Shareholders following the [REDACTED] could materially and adversely affect the price
of our Shares.

     Prior to the [REDACTED], there has not been a [REDACTED] market for our Shares.
Future sales or perceived sales by our existing Shareholders of our Shares after the
[REDACTED] could result in a significant decrease in the prevailing [REDACTED] of our
Shares. Only a limited number of the Shares currently outstanding will be available for sale or
issuance immediately after the [REDACTED] due to contractual and regulatory restrictions on
disposal and new issuance. Nevertheless, after these restrictions lapse or if they are waived,
future sales of significant amounts of our Shares in the [REDACTED] market or the
perception that these sales may occur could significantly decrease the prevailing
[REDACTED] of our Shares and our ability to raise equity capital in the future.

Our Controlling Shareholders have substantial control over our Company and their
interests may not be aligned with the interests of the other Shareholders.

     Upon the completion of the Share Subdivision and the [REDACTED], our Controlling
Shareholders will be interested in approximately [REDACTED]% of our total issued share
capital, assuming that the [REDACTED] is not exercised. Our Controlling Shareholders, who
will remain as the Controlling Shareholders upon completion of the Share Subdivision and the
[REDACTED], will continue to have significant influence on us on various important
corporate actions requiring the approval of Shareholders, such as mergers, disposal of assets,
election of Directors, and timing and amount of dividends and other distributions. There may
be a conflict between the interests of our Controlling Shareholders and your interests. Control
by our Controlling Shareholders of a substantial percentage of our Shares may have the effect
of delaying, discouraging or preventing a change in control of us, which may deprive you of
opportunities to receive premiums for your Shares and may reduce the price of the Shares. If
our Controlling Shareholders causes us to pursue strategic objectives that would conflict with
your interests, you may also be left in a disadvantaged position.

                                         - 135 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future after the
[REDACTED], you should rely on price appreciation of our Shares for a return on your
[REDACTED].

     There can be no assurance that we will declare and pay dividends because the declaration,
payment and amount of dividends are subject to the discretion of our Directors, depending on,
among other considerations, our operations, earnings, cash flows and financial position,
operating and capital expenditure requirements, our strategic plans and prospects for business
development, our constitutional documents and applicable law. For more details on our
dividend policy, see "Financial Information -- Dividends" in this document.

We have significant discretion as to how we will use the net [REDACTED] of the
[REDACTED], and you may not necessarily agree with how we use them.

     Our management may spend the net [REDACTED] from the [REDACTED] in ways with
which you may not agree or which do not yield a favorable return to our shareholders. We plan
to use the net [REDACTED] from the [REDACTED] to continue the research and
development activities of our drug candidates to commercialization. For details, see "Future
Plans and Use of [REDACTED] -- Use of [REDACTED]" in this document. However, our
management will have discretion as to the actual application of our net [REDACTED]. You are
entrusting your funds to our management, whose judgment you must depend on, for the
specific uses we will make of the net [REDACTED] from this [REDACTED].

We are a Cayman Islands company and, because judicial precedent regarding the rights
of shareholders is more limited under the laws of the Cayman Islands than other
jurisdictions, you may have difficulties in protecting your shareholder rights.

     Our corporate affairs are governed by our Memorandum and Articles of Association as
well as the Cayman Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of
shareholders to take action against the Directors, the rights of minority shareholders to institute
actions and the fiduciary responsibilities of our Directors to us under Cayman Islands law are
to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the
Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman
Islands as well as from English common law, which has persuasive, but not binding, authority
on a court in the Cayman Islands. The laws of the Cayman Islands relating to the protection
of the interests of minority shareholders differ in some respects from those in Hong Kong and
other jurisdictions. These differences may mean that the remedies available to the Company's
minority shareholders may be different from those they would have under the laws of Hong
Kong or other jurisdictions. See "Appendix III -- Summary of the Constitution of the
Company and Cayman Islands Company Law" in this document for further information.

                                   - 136 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                                 RISK FACTORS

Facts, forecasts and statistics in this document relating to the pharmaceutical markets
may not be fully reliable.

     Facts, forecasts and statistics in this document relating to the pharmaceutical markets in
and outside China are obtained from various sources that we believe are reliable, including
official government publications as well as a report prepared by Frost & Sullivan that we
commissioned. However, we cannot guarantee the quality or reliability of these sources.
Neither we, the Sole Sponsor, the [REDACTED] nor our or their respective affiliates or
advisers have verified the facts, forecasts and statistics nor ascertained the underlying
economic assumptions relied upon in those facts, forecasts and statistics obtained from these
sources. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between
published information and factual information and other problems, the industry statistics in this
document may be inaccurate and you should not place undue reliance on it. We make no
representation as to the accuracy of such facts, forecasts and statistics obtained from various
sources. Moreover, these facts, forecasts and statistics involve risk and uncertainties and are
subject to change based on various factors and should not be unduly relied upon.

Forward-looking statements contained in this document are subject to risks and
uncertainties.

     This document contains certain future plans and forward-looking statements about us that
are made based on the information currently available to our management. The forward-
looking information contained in this document is subject to certain risk and uncertainties.
Whether we implement those plans, or whether we can achieve the objectives described in this
document, will depend on various factors including the market conditions, our business
prospects, actions by our competitors and the global financial situations.

You should read the entire document carefully, and we strongly caution you not to place
any reliance on any information contained in press articles or other media regarding us
or the [REDACTED].

     Subsequent to the date of this document but prior to the completion of the [REDACTED],
there may be press and media coverage regarding us and the [REDACTED], which may
contain, among other things, certain financial information, projections, valuations and other
forward-looking information about us and the [REDACTED]. We have not authorized the
disclosure of any such information in the press or media and do not accept responsibility for
the accuracy or completeness of such press articles or other media coverage. We make no
representation as to the appropriateness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any of the
projections, valuations or other forward-looking information about us. To the extent such
statements are inconsistent with, or conflict with, the information contained in this document,
we disclaim responsibility for them. Accordingly, [REDACTED] are cautioned to make their
[REDACTED] decisions on the basis of the information contained in this document only and
should not rely on any other information.

                                          - 137 -
THIS DOCUMENT IS IN DRAFT FORM, INCOMPLETE AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THAT THE INFORMATION MUST
BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE SECTION HEADED "WARNING" ON THE COVER OF THIS DOCUMENT

                          RISK FACTORS

     You should rely solely upon the information contained in this document, the
[REDACTED] and any formal announcements made by us in Hong Kong when making your
[REDACTED] decision regarding our Shares. We do not accept any responsibility for the
accuracy or completeness of any information reported by the press or other media, nor the
fairness or appropriateness of any forecasts, views or opinions expressed by the press or other
media regarding our Shares, the [REDACTED] or us. We make no representation as to the
appropriateness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any such data or publication.
Accordingly, [REDACTED] should not rely on any such information, reports or publications
in making their decisions as to whether to [REDACTED] in our [REDACTED]. By applying
to purchase our Shares in the [REDACTED], you will be deemed to have agreed that you will
not rely on any information other than that contained in this document.

                                     - 138 -
