

OVERVIEW

     We are a biopharmaceutical company committed to the discovery, development and
commercialization of first-in-class/best-in-class biologics that regulate immune
microenvironment by directly modulating both the innate and adaptive immune systems.
Leveraging our deep understanding of immunology, we have developed various types of
immunotherapies including immunocytokines to treat cancers and autoimmune diseases. We
stand out as one of the world's leading companies in developing immunocytokine products, and
are among the few early movers with the most clinically advanced immunocytokine candidates,
according to Frost & Sullivan. We aim to develop innovative therapies that overcome
disadvantages of currently available treatments, including low response rates and drug
resistance, and to bring perceivable benefits and affordable medicine to patients worldwide.

     Since our inception in 2018, we have built fully-integrated, end-to-end, in-house R&D
capabilities encompassing all the key biological drug development functionalities, including
discovery, antibody and protein engineering, process development, preclinical pharmacology
studies, clinical development, and good manufacturing practice ("GMP")-compliant
manufacturing. Through our proprietary technology platforms, we have identified and
developed a pipeline of nine products, with six of them in clinical stage, among which three
are identified as Core Products, i.e. IAP0971, IAE0972 and IAH0968. As a leading company
in exploring antibody-cytokine fusion protein based drugs, we implement a global strategy for
our immunocytokine products, and have obtained investigational new drug ("IND") approvals
for conducting clinical trials of all three immunocytokines, namely IAP0971, IAE0972 and
IBB0979, from regulatory authorities of both China and the U.S. According to Frost &
Sullivan, as of the Latest Practicable Date, these three candidates were among the most
clinically advanced immunocytokines in treating cancer patients in the world.
     Our featured products, immunocytokines, are designed through our proprietary and
internally developed Armed ImmunoCytokine Platform ("AICTM Platform"), leveraging
significant knowledge and experience of our core R&D team in researching antibody-cytokine
fusion proteins. They function through diverse mechanisms of action yet share a similar
structure comprising an antibody or quasi-antibody moiety that targets tumors and blocks
signaling pathways regulating tumor growth and proliferation, and cytokine payloads that
activate the immune system within the tumor microenvironment ("TME"). Such design is
expected to overcome drawbacks of conventional cytokine-based drugs, such as short
half-lives, systemic cytotoxicity and modest efficacies due to cytokine pleiotropy and
off-target effects. It is expected to achieve enhanced antitumor effects through the synergy
between the antibody and cytokine payloads, which will potentially address unmet needs of
cancer patients who suffer from disease progression related to the immunosuppressive TME
and drug resistance.

     We have received IND approvals for conducting Phase I/II clinical trials for our Core
Products IAP0971 and IAE0972 in patients with advanced solid tumors from both the NMPA
and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA"), and completed the Phase I clinical trials
in July 2023. Phase I clinical data showed that our core immunocytokine products IAP0971 and
IAE0972 were well tolerated and demonstrated encouraging preliminary anti-tumor activities
as monotherapy in heavily pretreated patients who have failed chemotherapy, targeted therapy,
immunotherapy, and/or their combination.

     In addition to immunocytokines, our R&D capabilities also cover development of
candidates in forms of monoclonal antibodies ("mAbs"), bispecific antibodies ("bsAbs"), and
fusion proteins, some of which extend indications into treatment areas beyond oncology. Our
Core Product IAH0968 is an antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity ("ADCC")
enhanced mAb targeting human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 ("HER2") with 100%
fucose knock out, which greatly enhances the binding affinity of its fragment crystallizable
("Fc") to its receptor FcRIIIa. Data from preclinical study showed that IAH0968 increased the
binding affinity up to 20-fold comparing to trastuzumab or Herceptin, an anti-HER2 antibody
without enhanced ADCC activity. The Phase I clinical data demonstrated a 40% objective
response rate ("ORR"), and an 80% disease control rate ("DCR") using IAH0968 as
monotherapy for heavily pretreated metastatic biliary tract carcinoma ("BTC"), and colorectal
cancer ("CRC") patients who had failed all previous therapies. Currently, we are conducting
Phase II clinical trials in patients with inoperable HER2+ advanced or metastatic BTC and
HER2+ metastatic CRC as first-line treatments.
     In addition to our Core Products mentioned above, we are developing six other product
candidates: clinical stage products IBB0979, IBC0966 and IBD0333, and preclinical stage
products IAN0982, ISH0988 and ISH0613.

     · IBB0979, another immunocytokine developed by us based on AICTM Platform,
         received IND approvals from both the FDA and the NMPA for conducting clinical
         trials for B7H3-high expressing solid tumors. It is a potential first-in-class, anti-B7
         homolog 3 protein ("B7H3") antibody-IL-10 homodimer bifunctional fusion protein
         for immune cell activation. It is designed to bind to B7H3 and trigger blockage of
         downstream signaling pathways that participate in TME shaping and development,
         and deliver IL-10 to activate CD8+ T cells in the TME.

     · IBC0966 is a clinical stage anti-PD-L1 antibody-signal regulatory protein 
         ("SIRP") bifunctional fusion protein. It is a potential first-in-class PD-L1/SIRP
         dual-target therapy that stimulates both innate and adaptive immunity, leading to
         strong synergistic effects and long-lasting tumor-specific immune responses.

     · IBD0333 also received IND approvals from both the FDA and the NMPA. It is a
         4-1BB/CD24 bsAb, which simultaneously targets CD24 over expressed tumor cells
         and activates the stimulatory signal of 4-1BB in CD8+ T cells to induce T cell
         mediated antitumor immunity at the targeted tumor tissue.

     · The remaining candidates, namely IAN0982, ISH0988 and ISH0613, are currently
         in the IND enabling stage. IAN0982 is being developed for oncology, while
         ISH0988 and ISH0613 are immunosuppressors focused on autoimmune diseases.

     Our commitment to innovation is evident and supported by our proprietary technology
platforms, which include (i) AICTM Platform, a scalable platform mainly concentrated on
antibody-cytokine fusion protein development, (ii) ADCC Enhanced Antibody Platform
("AEATM Platform"), a FUT8 gene knock-out cell line constructed to enhance the cytotoxicity
of antibodies, and (iii) Armed Innate Effector Multi-specific Platform ("AIMTM Platform"),
a platform that focuses on the development of innate immunity stimulator-based
bispecific/multi-specific antibodies. Each of them is designed for addressing technical
difficulties and drug resistance faced in developing immunotherapies and achieving optimized
treatment effects. Since their launch, we have developed IAP0971, IAE0972, IBB0979,
ISH0988 and ISH0613 based on AICTM Platform, IAH0968 based on AEATM Platform, and
IAN0982 based on AIMTM Platform.

     We have built our GMP-compliant manufacturing facilities, which enhance quality
assurance and control of our products and fulfill clinical and potential commercial demands for
our product candidates in a cost efficient way. Our drug substance production facility is
currently equipped with four production lines for a total bioreactor capacity of 1,600L. We
have completed the installation of a production line for 5,000L bioreactor capacity, which is
currently under qualification. Our drug product facility includes one liquid injection filing
production line and one lyophilized powder production line, which enables us to prepare
biological products into various dosage forms according to different needs in both clinical and
commercial stages. Leveraging our rich experience and understanding of GMP-compliant
manufacturing, as of the Latest Practicable Date, we had successfully completed at least 30
batches with a success rate of 100%.

     We are led by a seasoned management team with significant R&D experience and a
proven track record. Our executive Director, chief executive officer and chief scientific officer,
Dr. YIN Liusong, has over 16 years of experience in antibody and cytokine development and
pipeline management, and has led more than 600 antibody drug discovery and optimization
projects with dozens entered into clinical trials. Chairman of our Board and executive Director,
Mr. ZHANG Feng has extensive experience in R&D, clinical development, product launch and
marketing, and is a successful serial entrepreneur and veteran pharmaceutical professional with
over 20 years of experience in the industry. Our management team has an average of more than
15 years of industry experience in biologics development and business management, including
antibody discovery and engineering, process development, GMP manufacturing, clinical
operations and regulatory affairs. Their vision and insights are also key drivers of our success.

Our Business Model

     Our core business model involves internally discovering, developing and
commercializing immunocytokines and other immunotherapies to address unmet needs in the
fields of oncology and autoimmune diseases. We also recognize that partnerships will be a
critical source to complement our internal resource and enable us to fully execute our global
strategy. As such, we will actively seek collaboration opportunities with international leading
pharmaceutical companies to advance clinical studies of our products abroad through
out-licensing arrangements. We will also expand our international registration team to
coordinate with KOLs and FDA regulation specialists to secure our global clinical development
and registration plan, and strengthen the leading position of our featured products, especially
our immunocytokine pipeline products including IAP0971, IAE0972 and IBB0979.Cancer ImmunotherapyAutoimmune Diseases

Our Pipeline

      Our pipeline includes three Core Products: two immunocytokines and one ADCC
enhanced mAb. The two immunocytokines, IAP0971 and IAE0972, were developed based on
our AICTM platform. The ADCC enhanced mAb, IAH0968, was developed based on our
AEATM Platform. The following chart summarizes the development status of our Core
Products and other selected product candidates as of the Latest Practicable Date.

                              Candidate      MoA                     Platform       Indication        Preclinical IND Enabling Phase I Phase II Phase III Commercial rights        Upcoming milestone

                                                                                   Lung cancer,
                                                                                  cervical cancer,IAP0971PD -1/IL-15(Antibody-cytokineAICTMand HNSCC                          Enter Phase II in Q4 2023Global
                                             fusion protein)
                                                                                     NMIBC                                                                                    Start Pivotal Trial in Q3 2024

                                IAE0972   EGFR/IL -10(Antibody-cytokineAICTM        EGFR-highexpressing solid                                   Global                        Enter Phase II in Q4 2023
                                             fusion protein)                          tumors

                               IBB0979    B7H3/IL-10(Antibody-cytokineAICTM         B7H3-highexpressing solid                                   Global                        Enter Phase II in Q3 2024
                                             fusion protein)                          tumors

                                IAH0968      HER2(ADCC enhanced       AEATM           BTCmAb)CRC                                                                              Complete Phase IIrecruitment in Q4 2023GlobalComplete Phase IIrecruitment in Q4 2023

                               IBC0966   PD -L1/SIRP(Bispecific antibodyfusion protein)bsFpplatformNon-HodgkinLymphoma andsolid tumors         GreaterChina*                  Enter Phase II in Q1 2024

                               IBD0333    4-1BB/CD24(Bispecific immunemodulatory antibody)bsAbplatformSolid tumors                              Global                        Complete Phase I in Q42024

                               IAN0982    Confidential(Multispecific innateAIMTM   Solid tumors                                                 Global                        IND filing in Q2 2024
                                            effector activator)

                               ISH0988    Confidential(Anti-inflammatoryAICTM          IBD                                                      Global                        IND filing in Q2 2024
                                          and tissue-protective)

                                          Confidential
                               ISH0613        (Inhibit B cellactivation and IFNAICTM  SLE                                                       Global                        IND filing in Q2 2024
                                               secretion)

                                                                              Core Product              NMPA     FDA     Preclinical Study

Abbreviations: HNSCC = head and neck squamous cell carcinoma; NMIBC = non-muscle invasive bladder cancer;
BTC = biliary tract carcinoma; CRC = colorectal cancer; ADCC = antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity;
IBD = inflammatory bowl disease; SLE = systemic lupus erythematosus; mAb = monoclonal antibody; bsAb =
bispecific antibody; bsFp = bispecific fusion protein; AICTM = Armed ImmunoCytokine Platform; AEATM = ADCC
Enhanced Antibody Platform; AIMTM = Armed Innate Effector Multispecific Platform.

Note:

* We acquired exclusive rights from ImmuneOnco Biopharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Inc. to develop, manufacture
      and commercialize IBC0966 in Greater China including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, as
      well as a single-digit percentage of interests in the overseas rights of IBC0966. For more information, please
      see "Business -- Collaboration Agreement -- Collaboration Agreement With ImmuneOnco in Relation to the
      Development of IBC0966".
OUR PRODUCT CANDIDATES

Core Product IAP0971 - Potential First-in-Class, Anti-PD-1 Antibody-IL-15/IL-15R
Heterodimer Fusion Protein

     Our Core Product IAP0971 is an internally developed, potential first-in-class,
anti-programmed death -1 ("PD-1") antibody-IL-15/IL-15R heterodimer dual T cell and
natural killer ("NK") cell agonist. IAP0971 is expected to synergistically strengthen the
antitumor activity through blockade of the PD-1/its ligand ("PD-L1") signaling pathway and
accumulating IL-15 at the targeted tumor site to activate its nearby immune cells, including
CD8+ T cells and NK cells, directly activating both innate and adaptive immune systems. For
more details on the mechanism of action of IAP0971, see "Business -- Drug Candidates --
Core Product: IAP0971 (PD-1/IL-15 antibody-cytokine fusion protein) -- Mechanism of
Action" in this document.

     The selection of IL-15 payload and PD-1 target was based on favorable individual
features and the potential for great cis-synergy when combined. IL-15 is deemed a promising
candidate for developing immunotherapy that could cure cancers. It can promote activation and
proliferation of CD8+ T cells and NK cells, and in the meantime it does not induce regulatory
T cell ("Treg")-related immune response suppression that is often observed for IL-2 based
cytokine drugs. Also, IL-15 inhibits ILinduced T cell death. As such, IL-15 can stimulate
CD8+ cells and NK cells for a longer term and induce more rapid and robust immune responses
without activating Tregs or inducing apoptosis of activated T cells, which are common side
effects of ILbased therapies.

     The selection of the anti-PD-1 antibody was based on several factors, including its ability
to act in the same location on the T cells and NK cells as IL-15, as well as the significantly
higher expression of PD-1 on CD8+ T cells in the TME compared to peripheral blood and
peripheral lymphoid organs. Therefore, the combination of IL-15 and anti-PD-1 antibody can
show cis-synergy with lower systemic cytotoxicity. Furthermore, considering the balanced
activity and dose between the PD-1 antibody and the IL-15 cytokine, IAP0971 is designed to
adopt the structure of an intact bivalent anti-PD-1 antibody in combination with a monovalent
IL-15. As such, the combination can deliver targeted and controlled amount of IL-15 directly
into the TME, which effectively recruits, activates and reinvigorates immune cells, leading to
a significantly enhanced anti-tumor immunity.

     Structure of IAP0971 is also optimized to improve biological activities, developability
and productivities. The cytokine moiety of IAP0971 is designed to adopt a structure of IL-15
combining with its receptor IL-15R to form a heterodimer that resembles its natural state. On
the one hand, the natural high affinity between IL-15 and IL-15R avoids the formation of
IL-15 homodimer and half antibody fragment, and reduces the mismatch of two different heavy
chains of the anti-PD-1 antibody, which improves the productivity of IAP0971. On the other
hand, the IL-15/IL-15R complex adopted in IAP0971 is reported to be more active than IL-15
alone in stimulating proliferation and survival of memory phenotype CD8+ T cells. In addition,
the spatial structure of IAP0971 is also optimized by embedding the IL-15/IL-15R
heterodimer in the "hinge" region of the anti-PD-1 antibody. This structure can balance the
dose of IL-15 cytokine with that of the PD-1 antibody, as well as prevent degradation of IL-15,
thereby prolonging the half-life of IL-15. For more details on the competitive advantages of
IAP0971, see "Business -- Drug Candidates -- Core Product: IAP0971 (PD-1/IL-15
antibody-cytokine fusion protein) -- Competitive Advantages" in this document.
     Preclinical data showed that IAP0971 was well tolerated up to 1.0 mg/kg when
subcutaneously administered in MC38 syngeneic mouse model. In the repeated-dose toxicity
study in cynomolgus monkeys, IAP0971 showed a favorable safety profile even at 1.2 mg/kg,
around 40-fold higher than an ILFc fusion protein. Furthermore, in pharmacokinetic
analysis, IAP0971 showed a half-life of 15.7 hours, which is approximately 15-fold longer than
that of recombinant IL-15, and approximately 2-fold longer than that of an ILFc fusion
protein. In addition, IAP0971 achieved superior tumor inhibition rate (110.47% when treated
with 0.5mg/kg of IAP0971 vs. 74% when treated with 0.5mg/kg of anti-PD-1 antibody) and
complete tumor regression rate (90% when treated with 0.5mg/kg of IAP0971 vs. 50% when
treated with 0.5mg/kg of anti-PD-1 antibody) in our preclinical study.

     According to Frost & Sullivan, currently, there is no ILbased immunotherapy
indicated for the treatment of cancer approved for marketing worldwide. Outside of China,
there are eleven products under clinical development. Among these products, IAP0971 and the
other six product candidates are IL-15 based immunocytokines. Being in the clinical stage of
Phase I/II, IAP0971 is one of the most clinically advanced immunocytokines in the world. In
China, there are five products currently under clinical development, with the most clinically
advanced products in Phase I/II stage. Only two products including IAP0971 are IL-15 based
immunocytokines, and IAP0971 is the most clinically advanced immunocytokine in China.

     In July 2023, we completed Phase I clinical trial of IAP0971 for advanced malignant
tumors. Phase I clinical data showed that IAP0971 exhibited a favorable safety profile at up to
200µg/kg in patients with advanced malignant tumors, with no dose-limiting toxicity ("DLT")
and maximum tolerable dose ("MTD") observed. Preliminary anti-tumor efficacy was
observed in four patients treated with IAP0971 as a later-line therapy. These four patients
include one with CRC, one with cervical cancer, and two with non-small cell lung cancer
("NSCLC"), and those patients underwent multiple rounds of treatments including
chemotherapy, targeted therapy, immunotherapy and/or their combination, and experienced
disease progress and metastases. After receiving IAP0971 for two treatment cycles, all four
patients achieved stable disease ("SD"). Especially, one NSCLC patient complicated with
adrenal gland and other metastases was resistant to several prior treatments, including
chemotherapy regimes such as multiple paclitaxel-containing combination, and combination
therapies with targeted therapy and immunotherapy, such as erlotinib, camrelizumab,
sintilizumab and bevacizumab. This patient received 120µg/kg IAP0971 for two treatment
cycles and achieved SD. The other NSCLC patient complicated with pleura or pleural effusion
metastases was resistant to several prior treatments, and also achieved SD after two cycles of
200µg/kg IAP0971 administration.

     In January 2022 and December 2021, we obtained IND clearance from both the NMPA
and the FDA for conducting Phase I/II clinical trials in patients with advanced malignant
tumors, respectively. In July 2023, we completed the Phase I clinical trial. As of the Latest
Practicable Date, we have not received any concerns or objections from the NMPA related to
the commencement of a Phase II clinical trial. We plan to initiate a Phase II clinical trial for
IAP0971 in China in the fourth quarter of 2023. For more details on the clinical development
plan of IAP0971, see "Business -- Drug Candidates -- Core Product: IAP0971 (PD-1/IL-15
antibodycytokine fusion protein) -- Clinical Development Plan" in this document.
Core Product IAE0972 - Potential First-in-Class, Anti-EGFR Antibody-IL-10
Homodimer Bifunctional Fusion Protein

     Our Core Product IAE0972 is an internally developed, potential first-in-class, anti-EGFR
antibody-IL-10 homodimer bifunctional fusion protein for immune cell activation. Like
IAP0971, IAE0972 is also expected to achieve synergistical antitumor activities leveraging the
advantages of immunocytokine yet through a different combination of antibody target and
cytokine payload. It is designed to blockade the EGFR signaling pathway and specifically
deliver IL-10 to the targeted tumor site to activate CD8+ T cells, and potentially NK cells. For
more details on the mechanism of action of IAE0972, see "Business -- Drug Candidates --
Core Product: IAE0972 (EGFR/IL-10 antibody-cytokine fusion protein) -- Mechanism of
Action" in this document.

     The development of IAE0972 aimed to address the issue of immune cell exhaustion
observed in current PD-1/PD-L1-based immunotherapies and overcome the limitations of
current EGFR-based mAbs. IL-10 is a potent activator of tumor-infiltrating memory cytotoxic
antigen-specific CD8+ T cells in the TME and can restore the tumor-killing activity of
tumor-infiltrating terminally exhausted T cells. Because the anti-EGFR antibody fragment can
specifically enrich IL-10 in the TME, IAE0972 can effectively and specifically activate the
immune system by reinvigorating antigen specific CD8+ T cells and facilitating its
proliferation, and inhibiting tumor growth by blocking the EGFR signaling pathway to kill
EGFR-positive tumor cells. As a result, it is expected to resolve the issues of low ORR and
drug resistance commonly observed with anti-EGFR antibodies.

     Like IAP0971, IAE0972 also adopts the natural structure of IL-10 that is in a homodimer
form, so that the natural pairing between IL-10 molecules will improve the developability and
productivity of IAE0972. But unlike IAP0971, IAE0972 adopts an asymmetric structure, which
consists of a monovalent anti-EGFR antibody fragment and a homodimer of IL-10. Such design
is expected to reduce the binding activity of anti-EGFR antibody on EGFR-low expression
normal cells while preserving the biological activity on EGFR-high expression tumor cells and
thus reduce EGFR-related skin toxicities. In addition, spatial structure of IAE0972 also
employs the knobs-into-holes format in the Fc to promote asymmetric formation and improve
its developability. This optimization extends the half-life of IL-10 and improves its therapeutic
efficacy. For more details on the competitive advantages of IAE0972, see "Business -- Drug
Candidates -- Core Product: IAE0972 (EGFR/IL-10 antibody-cytokine fusion protein) --
Competitive Advantages" in this document.

     In vivo data of the preclinical study showed that IAE0972 was well tolerated up to 6
mg/kg in cynomolgus monkeys, which is 300 times the safe dosage of IL-10 cytokine therapy.
Also, no obvious EGFR-related skin toxicity, no significant organ changes for liver, thymus,
adrenal gland and thyroid gland, as well as no significant changes for levels of IL-2, tumor
necrosis factor-alpha ("TNF") and Interferon-gamma ("IFN") were observed in the
cynomolgus monkey repeated-dose toxicity studies. Studies showed that IAE0972 had a tumor
growth inhibition ("TGI") rate of 83% in a MC38-hEGFR syngeneic mice model, which rate
is significantly higher than that of an anti-EGFR antibody.
     In our Phase I clinical trial, we recruited 14 patients with advanced esophageal squamous
cell carcinoma, rectal cancer, gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, SCLC or NSCLC who
progressed from at least one line of treatment. We completed dose escalation for 1 µg/kg, 10
µg/kg, 100 µg/kg, 0.3mg/kg, 1.0mg/kg and 2.5mg/kg of IAE0972, and only observed one Grade
3 adverse events. Preliminary efficacy was observed in multiple heavily pretreated patients
who failed all previous therapies. A CRC patient complicated by lung metastasis, who has
received multiple lines of prior treatments including standard mFOLFOX6 (5-fluorouracil,
leucovorin and oxaliplatin) and CapeOX (capecitabine and oxaliplatin) regimens, achieved SD
after given 10µg/kg of IAE0972 for two treatment cycles. Another patient with rectal cancer
and lung metastasis and lymph node metastasis, who had experienced recurrence after received
two resections, achieved SD after receiving 1.0mg/kg of IAE0972 monotherapy for two cycles.

     Currently, there are no approved IL-10 based immunotherapies indicated for the treatment
of cancer according to Frost & Sullivan. Outside of China, our IAE0972 and IBB0979 are the
only IL-10 based immunocytokines under clinical development for cancer treatment. In China,
three IL-10 based immunotherapies are currently under clinical development with two of them
from us, i.e. IAE0972 and IBB0979. As of the Latest Practicable Date, our IAE0972 and
IBB0979 are in Phase I/II clinical stage, which are the most clinically advanced IL-10 based
immunocytokines in China.

     We obtained the approval for conducting Phase I/II clinical trials in patients with
locally-advanced or metastatic solid tumors from the FDA and the NMPA in December 2021
and January 2022, respectively, and completed the Phase I clinical trial in July 2023. As of the
Latest Practicable Date, we have not received any concerns or objections from the NMPA
related to the commencement of Phase II clinical trials for IAE0972, and expect to initiate the
Phase II clinical trial in the fourth quarter of 2023 in China. For more details on the clinical
development plan of IAE0972, see "Business -- Drug Candidates -- Core Product: IAE0972
(EGFR/IL-10 antibody-cytokine fusion protein) -- Clinical Development Plan" in this
document.

Core Product IAH0968 - Potential Best-in-Class, ADCC Enhanced Anti-HER2 mAb

     Our Core Product IAH0968 is an internally developed, the first anti-HER2 antibody in
clinical stage with 100% fucose-removal. Antibodies consist of two structural regions, antigen
binding fragment ("Fab") and Fc. Unlike Fab region, which defines the specific target of an
antibody, Fc region mediates ADCC by activating the immune system through engaging
various Fc receptors. Studies of the structure of the Fc region of antibodies and its receptor
FcRIIIa complex revealed that the core fucose of the Fc region is accommodated at a place
that interferes with the binding between the Fc region and FcRIIIa, and thus reducing the
affinity between them and resulting in lower ADCC activity. Therefore, modifying to remove
fucose is desirable to better recruit immune cells, resulting in enhanced ADCC activity. As a
result, this approach has been widely attempted in the biopharmaceutical industry. However,
despite numerous attempts by multiple players to modify antibodies through various
approaches, such as Fc point specific mutation and fucose removal, most resulting antibodies
still contain a certain percentage of core fucose. For more details on the mechanism of action
of IAH0968, see "Business -- Drug Candidates -- Core Product: IAH0968 (ADCC enhanced
anti-HER2 mAb) -- Mechanism of Action" in this document.
     We addressed this technical difficulty through constructing a new cell line with mutated
FUT8 gene, which encodes an enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of fucose residue from its
donor to its target. After genetic manipulation, the new cell line is not able to attach fucose to
any protein it produced. In such way, we have successfully generated potentially the first
anti-HER2 antibody with 100% removal of fucose from its Fc region, i.e. IAH0968. Such
achievement has been verified through glycoprotein detection and glycosylation quantification.
For more details on the competitive advantages of IAH0968, see "Business -- Drug Candidates
-- Core Product: IAH0968 (ADCC enhanced anti-HER2 mAb) -- Competitive Advantages" in
this document.

     Produced through our AEATM Platform, IAH0968 showed an affinity between IAH0968
and its Fc receptor five to 20 times higher than unmodified or other ADCC enhanced
anti-HER2 antibodies in preclinical studies (especially for the FcRIIIa, 158F polymorphism).
In vitro assays demonstrated that IAH0968 mediated stronger ADCC killing toxicity against
HER2+ tumor cells SKBR3, BT474 and SKOV2 than trastuzumab. Moreover, IAH0968
showed 100% TGI in a BT474 tumor cell subcutaneous murine model, superior to trastuzumab.
In cynomolgus monkeys, IAH0968 showed an excellent safety profile, with no observed
adverse effect at a dosage over 100mg/kg.

     The Phase I clinical trial showed that IAH0968 was well tolerated and exhibited antitumor
activities in patients with advanced HER2+ malignant solid tumors including breast cancers,
gastric cancers, CRC and BTC with drug resistance to trastuzumab, pertuzumab, cetuximab,
docetaxel, oxaliplatin, capecitabine, irinotecan, nab-paclitaxel and apatinib, or PD1 mAbs.
Data showed that only one DLT was found at dosage 10mg/kg, and no MTD was reached.
While no head-to-head study was conducted, the Phase I clinical data showed that IAH0968
achieved significantly improved ORR and DCR in heavily pretreated metastatic CRC and BTC
patients, when compared to the historical data of current treatments. For heavily pretreated
metastatic CRC and BTC patients, the ORR was 40%, and DCR was 80%.

     According to Frost & Sullivan, there are three anti-HER2 mAbs in clinical development
for cancer treatment outside of China. Among them, the most advanced product is in Phase
II/III clinical trial. In China, there are four products in clinical development, with the most
advanced ones also in Phase II/III stage. IAH0968 stands out as the most clinically advanced
ADCC-enhanced anti-HER2 mAb in China and rest of the world, which is currently in Phase
II/III clinical stage.

     Based on the encouraging clinical data from the Phase I trial, we obtained IND clearance
from the NMPA to proceed with Phase II/III clinical trials of using IAH0968 in combination
with chemotherapy for first-line treatment of inoperable HER2+ advanced or metastatic CRC
and HER2+ metastatic BTC patients in September 2022. We have dosed the first CRC patient
of the Phase II trial in May 2023, and expect to dose the first patient of the Phase II clinical
trial for BTC in the third quarter of 2023. For more details on the clinical development plan
of IAH0968, see "Business -- Drug Candidates -- Core Product: IAH0968 (ADCC enhanced
anti-HER2 mAb) -- Clinical Development Plan" in this document.
IBB0979 - Potential First-in-Class, Anti-B7H3 Antibody-IL-10 Homodimer Bifunctional
Fusion Protein

     IBB0979, another immunocytokine developed by us, is a clinical stage, potential
first-in-class, anti-B7H3 antibody-IL-10 homodimer bifunctional fusion protein for immune
cell activation. It is designed to bind to B7H3 and trigger blockage of downstream signaling
pathways that participate in TME shaping and development, and deliver IL-10 to activate
CD8+ T cells to fight against tumors. Preclinical study showed that IBB0979 has high affinity
to both targets and exhibited potent TGI in C57BL/6J mice bearing MC38-hB7H3 cell line,
with TGI of 100% at 0.3mg/kg, 1mg/kg and 3mg/kg respectively. An in vivo study in
cynomolgus monkeys showed that after intravenously administered with 1 mg/kg, 2 mg/kg and
6 mg/kg of IBB0979 once a week for 29 days (5 times in total, given in days 1, 8, 15, 22 and
29), MTD was not reached up to 6 mg/kg. There was no administration-related mortality, and
no donor-related changes observed.

     According to Frost & Sullivan, there are currently no approved B7H3-targeted
immunotherapies indicated for the treatment of cancer. Outside of China, there are twelve
products in various stages of clinical development, with the most advanced candidates
undergoing Phase II clinical trials. In China, six products targeting B7H3 are currently under
clinical development, with the most advanced product in Phase II. Globally, among all product
candidates targeting B7H3, the Company's product IBB0979 stands out as the only
immunocytokine currently undergoing investigation in clinical trials.

     We obtained the approval for conducting Phase I/II clinical trials in patients with
locally-advanced or metastatic solid tumors from the FDA and the NMPA in October 2022 and
November 2022, respectively. The Phase I/II clinical trial is currently on-going, with the first
patient dosed in July 2023. Since B7H3 is overexpressed in a wide range of cancers including
glioma, thyroid, lung, head and neck, rectal, prostate, breast, skin, renal cell, and ovarian
cancers, it has the potential to become a next-generation therapy for resolving T cell exhaustion
in cancer patients.

     For more details on IBB0979, see "Business -- Drug Candidates -- Clinical-Stage
Product IBB0979 (B7H3/IL-10 antibody-cytokine fusion protein)" in this document.

Other Pipeline Products

     In addition to our product candidates mentioned above, we are developing a number of
clinical stage and IND-enabling product candidates that we believe have high commercial
viability. As of the Latest Practicable Date, except for IBC0966, we maintained the global
rights to develop and commercialize them. For IBC0966, we have exclusive rights to develop,
manufacture and commercialize in Greater China including mainland China, Hong Kong,
Macau, and Taiwan and have partial overseas rights.

     · IBC0966: IBC0966 is a clinical stage, potential first-in-class, anti-PD-L1
         antibody-SIRP bifunctional fusion protein that simultaneously stimulates both
         innate and adaptive immunity to achieve strong synergistic effects and induce
         long-lasting tumor-specific immune responses. It is designed to bind to PD-L1 and
         trigger blockage of the PD-1/PD-L1 signaling pathway to enable T cells to recognize
         and kill targeted cancer cells, and in the meantime deliver SIRP to the targeted
         TME to interact with CD47 to block the "don't eat me" signal of macrophages for
         tumor cell killing. In March 2021, we obtained the IND approval from the NMPA
         for conducting clinical trials of IBC0966. As of the Latest Practicable Date,
         IBC0966 was under Phase I/II clinical trials as a monotherapy for solid tumors. We
         expect to complete the Phase I clinical trial and enter Phase II clinical trial in the
         first quarter of 2024. We acquired exclusive rights from ImmuneOnco
         Biopharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Inc. to develop, manufacture and commercialize
         IBC0966 in Greater China including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and
         Taiwan, as well as a single-digit percentage of interests in the overseas rights of
         IBC0966. For more information, see "Business - Collaboration Agreement -
         Collaboration Agreement With ImmuneOnco in Relation to the Development of
         IBC0966" in this document.

     · IBD0333: IBD0333 is a clinical stage, potential first-in-class, 4-1BB and CD24
         bsAb that simultaneously stimulates both innate and adaptive immunity to achieve
         strong synergistic effects with reduced hepatotoxicity. It is designed to bind to
         4-1BB, a robust immune cell activator expressed by CD8+ T cells as well as DC
         cells, monocytes, B cells, mast cells, NK cells and neutrophils, and CD24, a
         romising target that plays a key role in tumor evasion in CD24-sialic-acid-binding
         Ig-like lectin 10 ("Siglec-10") axis and thus is highly expressed in many cancer
         types. We have obtained IND approvals from the FDA in June 2023 and from the
         NMPA in July 2023. We plan to initiate a Phase I/II clinical study in the fourth
         quarter of 2023 in patients with locally advanced/metastatic solid tumors, with the
         Phase I study to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2024.

     · IAN0982: IAN0982 is an internally developed innovative multi-specific innate
         effector activator based on our AIMTM platform. We are developing IAN0982 as a
         monotherapy or in combination with other therapeutics including chemotherapy,
         immunotherapy, and cell therapy for the treatment of advanced solid tumors. Our
         IND application for IAN0982 is expected to be submitted to the NMPA and the FDA
         in the second quarter of 2024.

     · ISH0988: ISH0988 is an internally developed innovative anti-inflammatory and
         tissue-protective bifunctional fusion protein based on our AICTM platform. We are
         developing ISH0988 as a monotherapy for the treatment of inflammatory bowel
         disease. Our IND application for ISH0988 is expected to be submitted to the NMPA
         and the FDA in the second quarter of 2024.

     · ISH0613: ISH0613 is an internally developed innovative bifunctional antibody
         fusion protein that simultaneously inhibits B cell activation and IFN secretion
         based on our AICTM platform. We are developing ISH0613 as a monotherapy for the
         treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus ("SLE"). Our IND application for
         ISH0613 is expected to be submitted to the NMPA and the FDA in the second quarter
         of 2024.
OUR PLATFORMS

AICTM Platform

     Our AICTM Platform is a frontrunner in the field of immunocytokine development from
multiple aspects, including cytokine selection and optimization, antibody selection and
engineering, structural design and engineering, and production through customized cell line. It
is a powerful research engine that includes not only a pool of intact immunoglobulin G ("IgG")
antibodies and cytokines, but also functional antibody fragments and other types of immune
system modulators. It is able to generate products ranging from immunocytokines to other
bifunctional fusion proteins. Our clinical stage drug candidates IAP0971, IAE0972 and
IBB0979, and preclinical stage drug candidates ISH0988 and ISH0613 were developed based
on the AICTM Platform.

     Our AICTM Platform successfully addresses technical difficulties for developing
immunocytokines. These difficulties range from antibody and cytokine selection and
optimization, to final drug production.

     · Antibody/cytokine selection. Due to different spatial structure, different types of
         cytokines behave largely different when fused with antibodies targeting different
         antigens.

     · Structural design. Dose ratio and activity between the selected antibody and
         cytokine is needed to be balanced to achieve the desired mechanism of actions
         ("MoA") and synergistic effects.

     · Manufacturing capabilities. It is challenging for developing and manufacturing
         immunocytokine molecules, because they are structurally complicated, especially
         considering the degradation vulnerability of cytokines.

     Core competencies of our AICTM Platform include MoA-based antibody-cytokine
selection, biology-oriented structural design and protein engineering, and production through
customized cell lines.

     · MoA-based antibody-cytokine selection is the cornerstone to achieve desired
         synergistic effects between antibody and cytokine. For example, selection of
         anti-PD1 antibody and IL-15 cytokine for developing IAP0971 is grounded on their
         shared action site on the same T/NK cells, leading to great cis-synergy. The
         combination of anti-EGFR antibody and IL-10 is selected based on the potential
         engager effects it can produce. Specifically, IAE0972 can engage CD8+ T cells
         through IL-10 while simultaneously targeting tumor cells through the EGFR
         antibody moiety.
     · Structural design and protein engineering module enables us to structurally design
         and modify our products to achieve improved safety and efficacy profile while
         reducing manufacturing cost and enhancing product quality manageability.
         Structural modifications that we are capable to perform through our AICTM Platform
         include antibody and cytokine engineering, deglycosylation, linker/spacer design
         and optimization, and tertiary structure alteration. Especially, developed through the
         AICTM Platform, IAP0971 employs the natural pairing of IL-15/IL-15R, which
         leads to more efficient dimerization and eliminates the formation of IL-15
         homodimer and half antibody fragments. Additionally, a knobs-into-holes structure
         is introduced in the Fc region of the anti-PD-1 antibody, reducing the mismatch of
         two different heavy chains. These structural designs result in improved productivity
         of IAP0971. Furthermore, IAP0971 is also modified by engineering the IL-15/IL-
         15R heterodimers partially embedded into the "hinge" region in the anti-PD-1
         antibody. Our drug candidate is the first of this structure to enter into clinical trial,
         according to Frost & Sullivan. It can increase the stability of cytokine by "hiding"
         a substantial portion of cytokine within antibody to protect it from hydrolysis by
         proteases, as well as balance the activity of cytokine versus antibody by introducing
         steric hindrance to the cytokine, and in the meantime retain the specificity and
         affinity of cytokine to bind to its receptor and allow it to mediate immune responses.

     · Production through customized cell lines is another important function performed by
         our AICTM Platform. The cell lines we constructed for producing immunocytokines
         and other bifunctional fusion proteins are obtained after undergoing multiple rounds
         of metabolic and growth optimization and are of high expression capacity and
         excellent purification yield. Coupled with unique cytokine-specific codon
         optimization, stably expressed vehicles with optimized expression cassettes and our
         high-throughput screening system, it is able to reach an expression level of 3-5g/L
         and one-step affinity chromatography purity of 90%, which is at the top level among
         rivals both at home and abroad, according to Frost & Sullivan.

AEATM Platform

     Our AEATM Platform is a genetically manipulated Chinese hamster ovary ("CHO") cell
line with the FUT8 gene knocked-out from its genome to generate antibodies with enhanced
ADCC and improved anti-tumor activities. Through this genome modification, the CHO cell
line will not be able to catalyze the transfer of fucose residue from its donor to its target, and
thus is not able to produce any antibody that carries fucose. Because absence of core fucose
on the Fc region has been shown to increase the Fc region's binding affinity (up to 100 times)
to its receptor FcRIIIa present on immune effector cells, fucose-negative antibodies are
expected to have enhanced ADCC activities through better activating immune effector cells.
     Comparing to other platforms that aim to achieve enhanced ADCC by removing fucose
from antibodies, AEATM Platform is expected to produce antibodies with 0% of fucose, which
rapidly, stably and thoroughly enhances the ADCC of antibodies and simplifies quality control
of the products. Different genetic engineering has been adopted by different platforms.
However, platforms seldom achieved 100% fucose removal. To date, our AEATM Platform and
POTELLIGENT from Kyowa Kirin are the only two platforms that can achieve 100% fucose
removal rate, according to Frost & Sullivan.

     Feasibility and advantages of AEATM Platform have been demonstrated by IAH0968, the
potential first complete fucose-removal anti-HER2-antibody in clinical stage developed
through this platform. We have verified through glycoprotein detection and glycosylation
quantification that IAH0968 does not contain any fucose. In addition, in vitro and in vivo tests
showed that the affinity between IAH0968 and its Fc receptor was five to 20 times higher than
unmodified or other ADCC enhanced anti-HER2 antibodies, resulting in greater enhanced
ADCC activity and anti-tumor efficacy.

AIMTM Platform

     Our AIMTM Platform focuses on designing multi-functional biological products by
engaging the innate immune system for cancer immunotherapy. It selects tumor associated
antigen antibodies for cancer targeting, receptors agonist antibodies for innate effector
activation, and cytokines and other TME factors for immune modulation to design multi-
specific antibody fusion proteins, and evaluates them in terms of expression, target binding, in
vitro and in vivo biological activities, as well as druggability. Currently, we have developed
several categories of our proprietary AIMTM Platform that allow us to explore the combination
of innate immunity stimulators with different types and numbers of targets, which provide us
with abundant flexibility and diversity of various types of TME modulations for different
clinical indications.

     By targeting innate immunity stimulators instead of adaptive immunity stimulators, which
is considered more cytotoxic and easily restrained by immune escape of tumors and the
immunosuppressive TME, products developed from our AIMTM Platform are expected to
achieve desired clinical safety and efficacy profiles. Our preclinical product IAN0982 was
developed based on the AIMTM Platform.

OUR STRENGTHS

     We believe the following strengths have contributed to our success and differentiate us
from our competitors:

     · Internally developed pipeline of immunocytokines with first-in-class potentials;

     · Differentiated products with first-in-class/best-in-class potentials developed
         leveraging our deep understanding of immunology and antibody engineering;
     · Proprietary platforms aimed to addressing bottlenecks of current immunotherapies
         continue fueling the development of innovative and differentiated biological
         products;

     · Fully integrated, end-to-end, in-house drug development capabilities encompassing
         all key biologic drug development functionalities;

     · Seasoned management team of industry veterans with a proven record of success.

OUR STRATEGIES

     We aspire to be a leading global biopharmaceutical company with a focus on antibody and
cytokine-based therapeutics. Our mission is to bring perceivable benefits and affordable
medicine to patients both in China and globally. We intend to execute the following strategies
to achieve our aspiration and mission:

     · Focus on the development of immunocytokines to strengthen our leading position in
         this drug development field;

     · Continue advancing selected pipeline products with great clinical value and
         commercial potential;

     · Expanding our GMP-compliant manufacturing facility to enhance our production
         capabilities and starting to assemble a seasoned commercial team;

     · Actively seeking international collaboration opportunities to maximize value of our
         assets and increase brand awareness on a global scale;

     · Continue to focus on selecting and retaining top talents to fuel our innovation.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     We consistently devote resources to research and development to pave for long-term
growth. We believe the diversification and expansion of our product pipeline through both
in-house research and development and through external collaboration are critical to our
long-term competitiveness and success. Our fully-integrated biological therapeutic platform
encompasses all the key biologic drug development functionalities, enabling us to identify and
address potential clinical and manufacturing needs early in the development process, so we can
direct our efforts towards biologics with best potential. Our platform spans from the early
phase of identifying demand, developing core technologies, managing clinical trials, to the
manufacturing of products. We believe that our integrated capabilities give us the agility to
formulate our innovation, registration, commercialization and product optimization strategies
that can navigate us through rapidly changing market needs, enable us to improve pipeline
viability and expedite product development cycle at lower cost. See "Business -- Research and
Development -- R&D Platforms" in this document for details.
     Our R&D team is lead by our executive Director, chief executive officer and chief
scientific officer Dr. YIN Liusong. The executive Director and vice president overseeing our
research and development is Ms. JIANG Xiaoling. Members of our experienced in-house R&D
team come from a variety of medical backgrounds and has diverse and in-depth knowledge that
is critical to strengthening our R&D capabilities. The functions of our integrated R&D team
span drug discovery, in vitro evaluation, pharmacology and pharmacodynamics, protein
engineering, process development and quality analysis.

     Our research and development expenses amounted to RMB64.0 million and RMB53.2
million and RMB14.6 million in 2021, 2022 and the three months ended March 31, 2023,
respectively. During the Track Record Period, our research and development expenses
consisted of (i) contract research expenses in relation to the engagement of CROs for
preclinical and clinical research services; (ii) staff costs incurred by our research and
development personnel; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses in relation to our research
and development machinery and equipment; (iv) material consumed in the course of our
research and development activities; (v) application fees for our patent and IND applications,
(vi) share-based compensation, and (vii) other research and development expenses.

COLLABORATION ARRANGEMENT

     In October 2019, we entered into a collaboration agreement (the "IBC0966 Agreement")
with ImmuneOnco Biopharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Inc. ("ImmuneOnco") with respect to the
technology transfer, development, manufacture and commercialization of IBC0966.
ImmuneOnco is a biotechnology company primarily engaged in the development of immuno-
oncology therapies and it is an Independent Third Party to us.

     Pursuant to the IBC0966 Agreement, ImmuneOnco transferred to us (i) all of its rights
and interests, including but not limited to development, production, regulatory filings and
commercialization, in relation to IBC0966 in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan
(the "Territory"); (ii) all related patents, if applicable, registered in the Territory; (iii) all
technical data and analytical methods relating to the development of IBC0966; and it also
granted us a single-digit percentage of interest in the overseas rights of IBC0966. In exchange
of our rights, we are obligated to pay RMB20.0 million assignment fee by installments. As of
the Latest Practicable Date, the rights and interests of IBC0966 as well as the related
documents and materials had been duly transferred to us and we had paid ImmuneOnco an
assignment fee of RMB10.0 million. The remaining RMB10.0 million will be payable upon our
obtainment of the marketing approval of IBC0966 from the NMPA. In addition, ImmuneOnco
is entitled to single-digit percentage royalties based on the annual net sales of IBC0966 in the
Territory until the earlier of the tenth year after the initial launch of IBC0966 or the expiration
of the patents for IBC0966 molecule sequences. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we did not
owe any royalties to ImmuneOnco.
RELATIONSHIP WITH CROS AND CONTRACT SERVICE PROVIDERS

     As is customary in the pharmaceutical industry, we use CROs and other contract service
providers to support our preclinical studies and/or clinical trials under our close supervision
and overall management. During the Track Record Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date,
all the CROs and other contract service providers that we collaborate with were Independent
Third Parties.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, we owned four issued patents and 102 patent
applications, including 49 patent applications in China, one patent application in the U.S., and
52 patent applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty ("PCT"), relating to certain of our
product candidates and technologies. As of the Latest Practicable Date, the material patent and
patent applications for our Core Products included (i) one patent and six patent applications in
China, one patent application in the U.S., and one patent application under PCT for IAP0971;
(ii) five patent applications in China, and one patent application under PCT for IAE0972; and
(iii) five patent applications in China, and two patent applications under PCT for IAH0968. In
addition, we had five material patent applications under PCT for AIMTM Platform, four
material patent applications in China for AICTM Platform, and one material patent application
in China for AEATM Platform. For further details on our intellectual property rights, see
"Business -- Intellectual Property" in this document.

MANUFACTURING

     We have established our own global GMP-compliant manufacturing facilities, which meet
both clinical and commercial production demands to quantity, quality and dosage form of our
product candidates. We currently have four active drug substance production lines up to a total
capacity of 1,600L, including three 200L and one 1,000L disposable bioreactors. We have
successfully completed over 30 production batches of immunocytokines, mAbs, bsAbs and
fusion proteins, which fulfilled the needs for performing preclinical studies, pilot production
of antibody drugs and conducting early phase clinical trials. We have completed the installation
of a production line for 5,000L bioreactor capacity, which is currently under qualification.
When putting into operation, it will enable us to manufacture our drug candidates for Phase III
clinical trials and commercialization in-house. Our drug product facility includes one
commercial-scale liquid injection filing production line and one commercial scale lyophlized
powder production line, which enables us to prepare biological products into various dosage
forms according to different needs.
SUPPLIERS

     During the Track Record Period, our purchases mainly include third-party contract
services for preclinical evaluation and clinical trials of our product candidates, premise leases,
equipment procurement and others. In 2021, 2022 and the three months ended March 31, 2023,
our purchases from our five largest suppliers amounted to RMB56.6 million, RMB17.0 million
and RMB7.1 million, respectively, representing 75.4%, 54.1% and 76.1% of our total
purchases for the same periods, respectively. In 2021, 2022 and the three months ended March
31, 2023, our purchases from our largest supplier amounted RMB34.4 million, RMB11.1
million and RMB2.7 million, respectively, representing 45.9%, 35.2% and 29.2% of our total
purchases for the same periods, respectively.

     For more details, see "Business -- Suppliers and Raw Materials -- Suppliers" in this
document.

OUR CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, Mr. Zhang is able to exercise approximately 85.11%
voting rights in our Company through Sunho Fortune, Innovalue Investments, Sunho Wisdom,
No5XJR and Sunho Stellar. Immediately upon completion of the Share Subdivision and the
REDACTED (assuming the REDACTED is not exercised), Mr. Zhang will be able to
exercise approximately REDACTED% voting rights in our Company. Therefore, Mr. Zhang,
Sunho Fortune, Innovalue Investments, Sunho Wisdom, No5XJR and Sunho Stellar will be
considered as a group of Controlling Shareholders under the Listing Rules.

     As of the Latest Practicable Date, apart from the interest in our Group, Mr. Zhang was the
chairman of the board of directors of, and through his controlled entities, was entitled to
exercise approximately 50.37% voting rights in, Nanjing Yoko, which is principally engaged
in the R&D, manufacturing and sales of chemical drugs. There is a clear delineation of business
between our Group and Nanjing Yoko and the business of Nanjing Yoko does not compete and
is unlikely to compete, directly or indirectly, with the business of our Group. For details, see
"Relationship with Our Controlling Shareholders" in this document.

PRE-REDACTED INVESTORS

     We received the Pre-REDACTED Investments from the Pre-REDACTED Investors
which are venture capital funds with an investment focus on the biomedicine industry. Efung
Capital is our sophisticated investor under Guidance Letter HKEX-GL92-18 issued by the
Stock Exchange. Upon completion of the Share Subdivision and the REDACTED (assuming
the REDACTED is not exercised), Efung Capital, through its affiliates, will hold
approximately REDACTED% of the total issued Shares. For details, see "History,
Reorganization and Corporate Structure -- Pre-REDACTED Investments" in this document.
 HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Summary of Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

     The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income for the periods indicated, derived from the Accountants' Report set out
in Appendix I to this document.

                                           Year Ended           Three Months Ended
                                          December 31,               March 31,
                                           2021        2022          2022               2023
                                       RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000
                                                               (unaudited)

     Other income                         3,224       13,795       11,951              6,027
     Other expenses                             -     (1,258)           -              -
     Other gains and losses, net            150        97              33                 (4)
     Research and development
       expenses                         (64,033)   (53,171)       (12,007)     (14,561)
     Administrative expenses             (5,799)      (5,558)      (1,566)             (2,139)
     REDACTED                       REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED REDACTED
     Finance costs                       (4,174)      (5,074)      (1,187)               (41)

     Loss before tax                    (70,632)   (51,988)        (2,776)     (15,311)
     Income tax expense                         -       -               -              -

     Loss and total comprehensive
       expense for the year/period      (70,632)   (51,988)        (2,776)     (15,311)

     For more information, see "Financial Information -- Description of Major Components
of Our Results of Operations" in this document.
Selected Items of Our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

     The table below sets forth selected information from our consolidated statements of
financial position as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                       As of
                                                       As of December 31,          March 31,
                                                      2021               2022           2023
                                                      RMB'000        RMB'000        RMB'000

     Total non-current assets                        63,556            56,229          65,353
     Total current assets                            21,399            14,632          13,542
     Total assets                                    84,955            70,861          78,895

     Total current liabilities                       58,096            66,154          76,449
     Net current liabilities                         (36,697)         (51,522)       (62,907)
     Total non-current liabilities                      158,409         6,206          19,029
     Total liabilities                                  216,505        72,360          95,478
     Net liabilities                                   (131,550)        (1,499)      (16,583)

     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                     322                322            322
     Treasury stock                                     (29)              (29)           (29)
     Reserves                                          (131,843)        (1,792)      (16,876)

     Total deficit                                     (131,550)        (1,499)      (16,583)

     For more information, see "Financial Information -- Discussion of Certain Selected Items
From the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position" in this document.
Summary Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

     The following table sets forth our cash flows for the periods indicated:

                                            Year Ended          Three Months Ended
                                           December 31,              March 31,
                                            2021        2022         2022               2023
                                         RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000 RMB'000
                                                               (unaudited)

     Cash (used in)/generated from
       operations before movements
       in working capital                  (52,239) (36,171)        1,088           (12,854)
     Changes in working capital              (413)      1,585      (10,432)            6,465

     Net cash flows used in operating
       activities                          (52,652) (34,586)        (9,344)            (6,389)
     Net cash flows used in investing
       activities                          (10,361)    (1,362)      (5,062)              (65)
     Net cash flows generated from
       financing activities                64,980       27,104      8,260              4,808

     Net increase (decrease) in cash
       and cash equivalents                 1,967      (8,844)      (6,146)            (1,646)
     Cash and cash equivalents at
       beginning of the year/period         8,698       10,665     10,665              1,821

     Cash and cash equivalents at
       end of the year/period              10,665       1,821       4,519                175

     For details of our cash flows, see "Financial Information -- Liquidity and Capital
Resources -- Cash Flows" in this document.

     Our Directors are of the opinion that, taking into account the financial resources available
to our Group, including cash and cash equivalents, the Pre-REDACTED Investments and the
estimated net REDACTED from the REDACTED, as well as cash burn rate, we have
available sufficient working capital to cover at least 125% of the Group's costs, including
general, administrative and operating costs (including any production costs), and research and
development costs, for at least the next 12 months from the date of this document.

     Our cash burn rate refers to the average monthly amount of net cash used in operating
activities, capital expenditures, and other scheduled cash payment. Assuming an average cash
burn rate going forward of REDACTED the level in 2022, taking into account the
Pre-REDACTED Investment and scheduled payment of indebtedness, we estimate that our
cash at bank and on hand as of March 31, 2023 will be able to maintain our financial viability
for REDACTED, or, if we also take into account the estimated net REDACTED (based on
the REDACTED of HK$REDACTED per Share, being the mid-point of the indicative
REDACTED), REDACTED. Our Directors and our management team will continue to
monitor our working capital, cash flows, and our business development progress.

KEY FINANCIAL RATIO

     The table below sets forth the key financial ratio of our Group as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                     As of
                                                   As of December 31,                                March 31,
                                                    2021                2022                          2023

     Current ratio(1)                                 0.4             0.2                              0.2

      Note:

      (1) Current ratio equals to current assets divided by current liabilities as of the same date.

     For reasons for fluctuations of the above ratio, see "Financial Information -- Key
Financial Ratio" in this document.

 OF MATERIAL RISK FACTORS

     We believe that there are certain risks involved in our operations, many of which are
beyond our control. These risks are set out in the section headed "Risk Factors" in this
document. Some of the major risks we face include:

     · Our business and financial prospects depend substantially on the success of our
            clinical stage and preclinical stage drug candidates. In particular, among our product
            candidates, IAP0971, IAE0972 and IBB0979 are with first-in-class potential, and
            IAH0968 is with best-in-class potential. However, if we are unable to successfully
            complete their clinical development, obtain their regulatory approvals and achieve
            their commercialization, or if we experience significant delays in doing any of the
            foregoing, our business will be materially harmed;

     · We invest substantial resources in research and development in order to develop,
            enhance or adapt to new technologies and methodologies, which may not be
            successful attempts;
     · We face intense competition and our competitors may discover, develop or
         commercialize competing drugs faster or more successfully than we do, which may
         adversely affect our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates;

     · If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate patent and other intellectual
         property protection for our drug candidates throughout the selected markets in the
         world, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained is not sufficiently
         broad, third parties could develop and commercialize drug candidates and
         technologies similar or identical to ours and compete directly against us, and our
         ability to successfully develop and commercialize any of our drug candidates or
         technologies would be materially and adversely affected;

     · We have limited experience in manufacturing therapeutic biologic products on a
         large commercial scale, and our business could be materially and adversely affected
         if we encounter problems in manufacturing our future drug products;

     · If we are unable to build and manage sales network, or maintain sufficient sales and
         marketing capabilities, either by ourselves or through third parties, we may not be
         able to successfully create or increase market awareness of our products or sell our
         products, which will materially affect our ability to generate product sales revenue;

     · We have a limited operating history and have incurred net losses since inception. We
         expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able
         to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability;

     · We may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations even if we
         consummate the REDACTED, and if we fail to obtain such financing, we may be
         unable to complete the development and commercialization of our primary drug
         candidates; and

     · There has been no prior REDACTED market for our Shares and there can be no
         assurance that an active market would develop, especially taking into account that
         certain of our existing shareholders may be subject to a lock-up period, and the
         REDACTED and REDACTED of our Shares may be volatile.

For more details, see "Risk Factors" in this document.
REDACTED STATISTICS

     The REDACTED consists of:

     · the REDACTED of initially REDACTED, for REDACTED by the
             REDACTED in Hong Kong, referred to in this document as the REDACTED;
             and

     · the REDACTED of initially REDACTED, outside the U.S. (including to
             professional, institutional and other REDACTED within Hong Kong) in off shore
             transactions in reliance on Regulation S and in the U.S. to QIBs in reliance on
             Rule144A or another exemption from the registration requirements under the U.S.
             Securities Act, referred to in this document as the REDACTED.

                                                           Based on the Based on the
                                                           REDACTED of REDACTED of
                                                         HK$REDACTED HK$REDACTED

     REDACTED of our Shares(1)                          HK$REDACTED HK$REDACTED

     Unaudited pro forma adjusted net tangible
       assets per Share(2)                                HK$REDACTED HK$REDACTED

      Notes:

      * All statistics in this table are on the assumption that the REDACTED is not exercised.

      (1) The calculation of REDACTED is based on REDACTED Shares expected to be in issue taking into
             account of the Share Subdivision and immediately upon completion of the REDACTED (assuming the
             REDACTED is not exercised).

      (2) The unaudited pro forma adjusted net tangible assets per Share is calculated after making the
             adjustments (after taking into consideration of Share Subdivision) referred to in "Financial Information
             - Unaudited Pro Forma Statement of Adjusted Consolidated Net Tangible Assets" in this document.

LOSS ESTIMATE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2023

     REDACTED
DIVIDENDS

     No dividend has been declared or paid by entities comprising our Group. We currently
expect to retain all future earnings for use in operation and expansion of our business, and do
not have any dividend policy to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any
declaration and payment by our Company as well as the amount of dividends will be subject
to our constitutional documents and the Cayman Companies Act. The declaration and payment
of any dividends in the future will be determined by our Board, in its discretion, and will
depend on a number of factors, including our earnings, capital requirements, overall financial
condition and contractual restrictions. Our Shareholders in a general meeting may approve any
declaration of dividends, which must not exceed the amount recommended by our Board.
Under the laws of the Cayman Islands, a Cayman Islands company may pay a dividend out of
its profits or the credit standing to its share premium account, provided that immediately after
the date on which the dividend is proposed to be paid, the company will be able to pay its debts
as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

     For more information, see "Financial Information -- Dividends" in this document.

USE OF REDACTED

     We estimate that we will receive net REDACTED from the REDACTED of
approximately HK$REDACTED, after deducting REDACTED fees and other estimated
expenses paid and payable by us in connection with the REDACTED, assuming the
REDACTED is not exercised and taking into account any additional discretionary
REDACTED fee and assuming an REDACTED of HK$REDACTED per Share, being
the mid-point of the indicative REDACTED of HK$REDACTED to HK$REDACTED
per Share in this document. We currently intend to apply these net REDACTED for the
following purposes:

     · 65.4%, or approximately HK$REDACTED, will be primarily used for the
         research and development of our Core Products, namely IAP0971, IAE0972 and
         IAH0968;

     · 21.4%, or approximately HK$REDACTED, will be primarily used for the
         research and development of our other clinical pipeline product candidates, namely
         IBB0979, IBC0966 and IBD0333;

     · 3.2%, or approximately HK$REDACTED, will be used for preclinical and
         planned clinical trials of our other preclinical pipeline product candidates; and

     · 10.0%, or approximately HK$REDACTED, will be used for our general
         corporate and working capital purposes.

     For more details, see "Future Plans and Use of REDACTED" in this document.
REDACTED

     REDACTED to be borne by us are estimated to be approximately HK$REDACTED
(assuming an REDACTED of HK$REDACTED per Share, being the mid-point of the
indicative REDACTED of HK$REDACTED to HK$REDACTED per Share),
representing approximately REDACTED% of the estimated gross REDACTED from the
REDACTED assuming no Shares are REDACTED pursuant to the REDACTED. The
REDACTED consist of (i) REDACTED expenses, including REDACTED commission,
of approximately HK$REDACTED (representing approximately REDACTED% of the
estimated gross REDACTED from the REDACTED), and (ii) REDACTED expenses of
approximately HK$REDACTED, comprising (a) fees and expenses of our legal advisors and
reporting accountants of approximately HK$REDACTED, and (b) other fees and expenses
of approximately HK$REDACTED. During the Track Record Period, the REDACTED
charged to our consolidated statements of profit or loss were RMBREDACTED
(HK$REDACTED) and the REDACTED costs, which was recognized as prepayments and
are expected to be deducted from equity upon the REDACTED, were RMBREDACTED
(HK$REDACTED). After the Track Record Period, approximately HK$REDACTED is
expected to be charged to our consolidated statements of profit or loss, and approximately
HK$REDACTED is expected to be accounted for as a deduction from equity upon the
REDACTED. We do not believe any of the above fees or expenses are material or are
unusually high to our Group. The REDACTED above are the latest practicable estimate for
reference only, and the actual amount may differ from this estimate. Our Directors do not
expect such REDACTED to have a material adverse impact on our results of operations for
the year ended December 31, 2023.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS AND NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE

     Our recent developments of our drug candidates since the end of the Track Record Period
and up to the Latest Practicable Date include:

     1. In May 2023, we obtained the IND approval from the NMPA to conduct Phase I/II
         trials using IAP0971 monotherapy or in combination with Bacillus Calmette-Guerin
         ("BCG") for high-risk non-BCG responsive non-muscle invasive bladder cancer.

     2. In May 2023, we dosed the first patient of the Phase II/III clinical trial to evaluate
         the combination of IAH0968 with CapeOX as first-line therapy in HER2+ advanced
         CRC.

     3. In June 2023, we obtained the IND approval from the FDA for conducting Phase I/II
         clinical trials of IBD0333 for locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors. In July
         2023, we also obtained the IND approval from the NMPA for conducting Phase I/II
         clinical trials of IBD0333 for locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors.

     4. In July 2023, we enrolled the first patient in the Phase I/II clinical trial of IBB0979
         for locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors.

     5. In July 2023, we completed Phase I clinical trials of IAP0971 and IAE0972 for
         locally advanced or metastatic solid tumors.
     In addition, we completed the Pre-REDACTED Investments and raised RMB210
million. For details, see "History, Reorganization and Corporate Structure --
Pre-REDACTED Investments" in this document.

     Our Directors confirm that, there has been no material adverse change in our business,
financial condition and results of operations since March 31, 2023, being the latest balance
sheet date of our consolidated financial statements as set out in the Accountants' Report
included in Appendix I to this document, and up to the date of this document.

REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS ON OVERSEAS LISTING

     On February 17, 2023, the CSRC published the new regulations for the filing-based
administration for overseas securities offerings and listings by domestic companies, which
came into effect on March 31, 2023. The newly released set of regulations consists of Overseas
Listing Trial Measures and relevant guidelines. As advised by our PRC Legal Adviser, our
proposed REDACTED and REDACTED falls within the scope of indirect overseas
REDACTED of PRC domestic companies as provided for in the Overseas Listing Trial
Measures, and therefore we will be subject to the filing procedures with the CSRC.